e e
videos videos with a fat of the videos
trying to talk to me like who I'm the
badest [__] on the YouTube videos
videos videos nobody remembers your
viral sh iron deficient I might be but I
spit so you better like
me I don't want to waste my time with
the B
everything
sh I want
[Music]
to everything is sof when you dip your
fries videos videos videos nothing is
real in the offer itty B look in your
fridge that's me poor little slime
concrete baby videos videos videos oil
in my knees but I still hit a witty pose
coming in a number one W on top and the
creek got to flow
I I don't want to waste my time with the
big I everything is
[Music]
sh everything is sauce when you dip your
fries
[Music]
see is all I
have we go
[Music]
Liv I
wo n n n n
[Applause]
[Music]
the
yep yes
bro I know I know I know I know thank
you great unknown and now a word from py
[Music]
oh
[Applause]
[Music]
I always have
to sleep with the lights
on hello everyone Let's uh bad be free
be
free baddy I command Thee I command thee
to destroy everyone
go
um okay
so let's go pad mode p p
padle
pad
oh
h i
see interesting
I remember last stream I said I would
leave it there and it would be a nice
little surprise for next time and
uh well well it was certainly a
surprise let's let's put that away for
now but I might I might put it up on
screen every now and then to make sure
everyone's paying
attention
Okay do I know the Violet Pony music
let's find
out par nice
valy that's uh let's fly to the castle
very
nice good old creature
City uh Cherry
top and let's uh
battle against the banished
sorcerer sorc sorcerer Knight stinkle
bug there we go look at that five for
five no
problems let's get
it
so obviously we're we're we're
continuing our our the story of the
balloon champ
very soon but I just wanted to say uh we
did
the was it yesterday did we do the
stream yesterday I think we did the
stream yesterday
right right or wrong wait when was it it
was on the 26 yesterday was this okay
two days
ago two days ago we did the uh elf
stream on the super Pony World
server and uh the turnout was
insane uh we were were I think Peak was
like 200 or so
people but most importantly
we collectively raised about $1,500 for
uh Palestinian relief funds and I added
300 um for my own pool because I pulled
from the script three
times
um and I'm still over the moon about all
that I'm waiting for B Camp to send me
all the all the money properly so I can
officially do and the
donations um there is a VOD if you check
the super Cory World
server announcements
Channel
but absolutely legendary [__] absolutely
legendary [__] I'm like so so so so
proud of everybody and I'm so happy with
the outcome of
that um I've been taking a look at where
all the all the donations are going to
go and uh should be doing that by
midweek this
week and um I'm just really glad
everyone turned out for that I I was not
expecting as many donations as we got uh
I took a break halfway through the movie
to eat the elf pasta and I read out
donations and I think what it was is uh
during that period of reading out
donations we doubled the entire [__]
donation pool during that time the time
period of the break
so genuinely genuinely crazy
[__] um I'm very
proud
so I just want to just shout out one
more time that that whole
thing just the archive on the pond will
work for you I think it does for
me does for
me oh I didn't play all these either let
me try like the
yeah there we
go there we could do some of the old
ones that I have that I've
missed I was afraid
[Music]
what is that no that's on the C sorry
those songs are very similar to each
other oh no
that's not aeria is
it I have to copy the uh oh do you like
my new band cam by the
way so so
fun I think that's is that a stary
though I feel like it's a stary
what
oh is that that's
a I sorry
I it's the second to last song on the
L or it's the the L it's oh it's just
fleeting right there we go I didn't
actually have to look it up
God damn it why don't I know what this
is sorry I have no idea I
was I wasna ask
oh it's
the what is it called it's
like sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry
sorry sorry it's not as
no question I was going to
ask no I spelled it right what are you
saying
stop okay
thanks okay there's a menu themed
nestled within that's
all fish whisper that's easy damn it I I
I'm losing
it okay that's serpent dance my most my
absolute most beloved absolute most
beloved oh I was talking about this
earlier I've been thinking about
replacing anony in the top 20 viop Pony
song playlist on Spotify with a serpent
dance I think people will be very mad at
me for doing that but I think I'm going
to do
it yeah why
not why not let's just do let's do it
live let's do it live let's piss
everyone off live why
not yall ready for this
[__]
inative remove
and uh put put serpent dance where it
actually belongs in the top
20 sorry guys this is this is this is
the era where we're being completely
honest this is the era where we're being
completely honest with
ourselves so you
know down with ANM up with serent dance
right next to Sacred dragon two two two
reptiles
two
reptiles two top 20 right up there with
get sexy yo real quick I made a the
stream the stream playlist so uh these
are all the songs that are played on
stream now and uh I decided to put get
sexy up on there so it's like playing
Russian roulette cuz the the stream is
mandatorily on uh it's it's mandatorily
on shuffle so like basically starting up
this playlist is like a Russian roulette
with like are we going to get get sexy
or not
but this is this is the whole
playlist what's funny is there's not a
lot of like post cutie mark stuff except
for girls or Wizards cuz a lot of the
stuff is just not fun for like stream
music uh surprisingly I have these here
but these are like just the least like
horrifying songs on the album also put
these here for fun why
not yeah seductive Turtles on here too
it's it's also like
more cuz cuz Winter's end Winter's end
is on
Spotify for after 11
years because Winter's end came out 11
years ago and it's only now on
Spotify and you know it isn't on Spotify
yet is is uh fault of the clouds which
is like arguably my first popular song
that's not on Spotify yet and it won't
be on Spotify for at least for at least
a little bit little bit longer
um because I was saying
was I'm doing some extra stuff for for
fall of the clouds
and um I want to wait till all that
stuff is
done
so but fall of the clouds will will be
on
Spotify at some point next year
probably Pro definitely probably next
year um my whole deal is like I've I've
like none monarch I'm looking to the
Future now and I also want to be like I
I have not forgotten all the old [__]
either and I don't want to I don't want
to let this [__] I don't want to let
this [__] Fall Away
uh emotions EP from the dash records
[__] has been
canonized and brought into Spotify and
[__] if you want to hear some like god-
awful music uh go ahead and listen to
emotions
EP um but something people don't realize
as well is that emotions EP came out
June 1st 2013 so that was literally 11
years ago
[Music]
um and people don't
realize that chord progression is this
[Music]
so they're
finally they're finally together
actually you know what this is supposed
to be in like a relative chronological
order but let's just take
emotions let's just let's just slap that
right next to let's find the clast
Castle cuz why not cuz why
not they belong together
so I spent so many years being like
embarrassed of my old discography and
trying like super hard to like shy away
from it and 2025 is the year where I say
[__] it it's all Canon baby we love this
[__] I don't give a [__] anymore this
music is so fun I had so much fun making
it as a kid the 20 2025 is the year
where we say we [__] care anymore
this is this this this is what we're
here for uh on Van
Camp I just
added a [__] ton of the back catalog
stuff from way way way way way back in
the day it's all here now some of us got
the updated art already which is awesome
some of it is still yet to be
updated um but like we're we're not
hiding from it
anymore we're we're I with monarch of
monsters I'm like I prove myself I prove
what I can do as an artist now I'm going
to let everybody
see this [__] now I don't care
anymore I love it I love it Pony hype is
so good I don't give a [__] Pony hype is
still
[Music]
good Pony
like when I was making this music no one
was listening to me
yet it wasn't really until cutie marks
people started listening to my music a
lot and then Monarch was another huge
boost now that everyone's here I'm like
awesome guys here's all the [__] you
missed when no one was listening to me I
need you to listen to it
now it's it feels so awesome it's so fun
it's so fun
so
yeah
okay but welcome to the quick scope
era the quick scope era is where we've
decided that we're allowed to have
fun and with fun
comes yoi
yeah the mon the Monarch I'm Creek flow
Pony hype pipeline is insane you know
what I made Monarch so people be like oh
my God you're making real music now
amazing it's like yeah actually it was
just a marketing PL for you to listen to
like EDM here it comes
baby all
right let's go
that's not a joke either I saw like a
lot of people angry in like the album of
the Year comments box for uh L and& Pony
stuff and they're like so mad they're
like no way you made Peak and now we're
back to this Pony [__] it's like you've
been
trolled this is on purpose I find it
extremely funny please keep reacting
angrily I love
it now last we left off on this game we
couldn't interact with uh the person on
the
boat which is why was I like oh [__] we
need to stop now okay can we do it
you're back good what can I help you
with see all I took was restarting the
game we can now talk to to um Rejoice
the
messiest continuing the story of this of
this balloon champion and his beloved
twink
okay okay that's the man who was
killed I'm afraid this is a discussion
for once we've cleared the lynching
question better not tie the fourth stay
to the back St on this I hope there is
something else I can help you
with what time zone are you in uh it's
it's midnight for
me I'm in Pacific
time I'm I'm partially nocturnal so
that's why I stream this way I feel like
I have to overe explain my insomnia
every other stream
it's quite straightforward someone is
using Terminal B to smuggle raw
ingredients from the Samar and Isa into
Revel with the Union's blessing wild
Pines has suspected it for years
ingredients for what ma'am meth and
dextr amphetamin GBL and various
synthetic psychedelics honestly it might
be quicker to say what you can't make
from the
stuff yeah yes after they clear the
terminal we lose track the actual
production is taking place at various
sites in and around Jamrock quarter
north of
here I'm glad I can tell who's paying
attention while Pine seems to be well
apprised of the local drug trade man do
you mean to say the union also produces
the product sells drugs I mean we're in
logistics it's our business to know and
no as far as the company knows the union
does not produce it they transport the
ingredients for a cut my keyboard is on
I did
this welcome to hell like black mini
listen and whatever the [__] G says yes
but you won't get anything out of Evra
and the doc Workers Union
still Every Chain has its weak
link the handoff the motor is at the
roundabout what like the racist the
racist
Lori
precisely someone needs to move the
ingredients from the harbor into the
city once they reach Jamrock they're
distributed to a network of local
manufacturers well beyond our grass but
in transit they are
vulnerable how convenient that they're
stranded like beach Wells at that
roundabout perhaps you've noticed that a
number of lorries are Tangled in a
traffic jam at the roundabout just now
interview the drivers who are still
hanging about one of them might be
waiting for a crucial
shipment irises are light green like the
river esperons in bright daylight
Upstream where it's clearer I'll be
explicit if you find this driver I will
share company secrets with you
uncovering Union Secrets could also give
you an upper hand when dealing with them
the two might even be connected or not
though if you have evidence to the
contrary I'm eager to hear it as eager
as I am to share it Lieutenant once the
job is done how do you think they're
financing this strike there are
thousands of unpaid do workers going
strong for the fourth month straight
there was a Shakedown of local
businesses preceding the strike many
were squee to bankruptcy to fund it with
all due respect to these desert catti
the contents of a few cash registers
cannot provide for 2,000 men the local
businesses can scarcely provide for
themselves precisely smuggled out of
that very gate at night most likely then
loaded on to Lor's and driven to Jamrock
you simply need to find one driver who
will open up to
you we did on more than one occasion
apparently there's some sort of inter
Precinct disagreement about whose
jurisdiction this area falls under we
know the company has launched its own
probe into the Union's alleged
involvement we also know it's come up
empty it's not just the RCM no one's
been able to find any hard evidence well
here's your chance
officers no we asked East motor TR to
raise the drawbridge the road company is
a partner of one of our
subsidiaries however this is a limited
time opportunity once the complaint has
been processed by the trade committee
they'll have no choice but to lower the
drawbridge and the operation will
continue here's the thing I'm I'm not
one to to
uh I'm not one to tattle on on on the
drugs
but it's racist lormen we're talking
about here
here I kind
of kind of want to do whatever I can to
make his life hell you know what I mean
thousands of liters of Roar ingredients
will pour onto the streets of reveral
not the east across the river but the
West the vulnerable the
weary well at least this solves one
mystery what is that Lieutenant why I
had to kis motor track and beg them to
open a draw bridge for for me i' wanded
since I first drove in on my motor
Carriage I am sorry for the
inconvenience Lieutenant Kisaragi but we
need them trapped here this is a unique
opportunity I'm sure you understand
yes
excellent according to my reports there
are at least three Lorry drivers
lingering near the roundabout hopefully
one of them will know
something it may come to nothing or it
may just blow the case wide open I can
keep the drawbridge up for a few more
days at least you should have the time
you need in the meantime let me know if
there's any other way I may be of
assistance of course
detective
okay so that interaction was still
pending from last stream
[Music]
aome a sturdy metal door guards the
Southwest entrance to the apartment
building it's
locked the door rattles against your
knuckles but there's no response the
door rattles again but this time you
hear an elderly woman's voice calling
out from
inside and then I he
is videos videos
videos it's me top five
videos it's like
what vid is that you why are you 95
years
old that would even happen vids and
Alicorn stop bang on the door I'm not
letting any more strangers inside
matter who I am now go on get out of
here from within Comes The Faint sound
of a broom sweeping across the concrete
floor it's old five
videos the police everyone knows the
police don't come around
here no I already told you I won't be
responsible for any more strangers
getting into the building go check the
backyard door maybe someone there will
backyard door there must be another
entrance to the
east why is old top five videos the
RoboCop of your
Universe just an ordinary War nothing to
see here conceptualization
M after all why
not just an ordinary wall nothing to see
GE why why must we stop to look at this
wall every time we pass by we have
business to it I'm going to play this
game the way it's meant to be play
it just an ordinary War yeah
just an ordinary War
yeah
yeah this is the way the video game was
meant to be play just an ordinary War
yeah Boulders G save abuse I I did this
[__] so much in Boulder's game it's kind
of necessary in Boulders gate though in
this game it's not so much but in
Boulders gate there's some moments where
if you just miss stuff just an ordinary
you just lose
yeah so it's like you have to
anyway I know I get eventually I'm just
impatient and I'm curious I'm I I I'm
snooping around just an ordinary War
not just an ordinary War yeah
yeah if we lose too many times I'll just
stop
just an ordinary W
yeah just an ordinary
W watch me like habitually load when I
get it just War yeah
yeah hold on pford for good
luck all right pfr pf's just an ordinary
War not yet [__] you
pord just an ordinary War yeah the
percentage is 8% it's very
low just an ordinary wall yeah is there
a link to the pford prodon Wheel by the
way uh I I don't know how I need someone
else to link it to me first so like I'll
publish it at some point later for
easier access
just an ordinary wall because you see it
finally this wall is
Sublime look at it the Shadows the
colors see the mention of the pford
pronoun wheel is what what what got
us it was the pford pronoun wheel wasn't
pilford pself it was the pronoun
wheel all the other Wars on all the
other houses must make a pilgrimage in
adoration of this the uncontested
Pinnacle of Warcraft colap pealed from
the very face of
God oh
[Music]
wara huh he sounds tired of it
all I suppose we have to pass by it
again at some point in your
way
Kim you twink it's been a week and now
they show
up there must be another way into the
building God damn it not this
again stop stop stop this happened last
time can't get involved in this this is
Kim's really loud [__] door
Christ oh my
God like this happened last time last
time last time Kim was prompted to speak
about this door he was just like so
[__]
loud this must be it the basement door
is weather worn the copper Nails holding
the upholstery in place Place have
turned green from Seer and there's a
knocker shaped like a lion's
head the leather upholster is worn and
rough against your jaw you don't hear
any movements in fact It's oddly silent
in the yard around you no birds
chir you try to be as silent as you can
it takes a bit of ralin of the handle to
loosen the bolt finally the door unlocks
with a small clack
thoughts race through your head the
sound of the key Turnin still echoes in
the yard hopefully no one
heard there might be important
information in the apartment I mean
there might as you hold the open door
you can feel the ear moving a little
draft a
whistle do I go
in sure why not
a row of mugs sits on the Shelf each one
depicts a human figure a dark skinned
woman grinning amidst mysterious symbols
a broad-shouldered man shoveling
potatoes and
others a little ring though cheerful the
images on the ceramic make you vaguely
uncomfortable there's something
disdainful in the way the curves and
lines of the bodies were drawn it looks
like the artist is celebrating diers
Unity but underneath he's just making
fun of these
people no one's telling you to like him
you might learn something from him
though the lieutenant picks up one of
the mugs then puts it back down with a
look of disdain it's a collection of
Elon musk's favorite mugs it's the
racist drinkery I'm beginning to feel
better about breaking into this man's
apartment
I don't want to whip out the racist mug
that I accidentally picked
up admires Fair haired fantasy Heroes
with big
muscles this is the average Twitter
gamer
house holy [__] well no there are books
in here that wouldn't make sense when it
sure I'll take that one
not warmth of the Red Sun on the
flag isn't
that okay the books are there for show
this is the flag of rivers show the
suarti
what's all the sun this isn't just one
Sun but there are little Suns dancing
around the big sun this is the Sevenfold
Sun
Miracle it's an optical atmospheric
anomaly the first settlers saw happens
in cold weather six small Suns around
the big one this complex Halo phenomena
is how old rolw got its
flag mhm the tenant is an oldfashioned
guy by oldfashioned he means very
rightwing the flag doesn't seem to mine
it's just a colorful fabric with a sun
sewn onto it like all feudal Flags it
looks like a children's
drawing well that's kind of
fire actually know it's not children
make good drawings
[Music]
well there doesn't seem to be anything
else
here for those who have played balder's
gate as well this is because I'm shining
the light here in Boulder's Gate so
sometimes you can see if there's like a
hidden room if you just like move your
camera out of bounds and sometimes the
lighting will just show like an empty
area that should be filled with
something
okay there's the greenhouse I don't
think we can get in
there Kim do you have anything to say
about this door
another way into
the what not so loud this time
buddy when he was still loud there was
still like five of him
[Applause]
but so out the round about huh
let's go talk to racist Lor man first
our our our favorite
[__] looking for something aun come to
tell me to [__] off again uh probably
drugs they're [__] man I don't let
anything pollute my
body you know where that [__] comes from
s
safre they take the money from our local
junkies here and then use it to out
compet Us in the manufacturing sector
they know they can't beat us in a fair
fight so they have to get us to weaken
ourselves somehow it's raal sabotage R
economic
sabotage I don't go for that forign piss
poer boo is made in Mundi or sometimes I
like a Dr of the yug Vodka Kos and wor
much but they do no
boo this guy really just said that I
don't do drugs because it gives money to
other countries that are not my
country crazy crazy ass
guy crazy ass
guy not in not out I'll never be betray
the purity of My
Tribe what white people so you're
telling her that you don't know anything
about drug smuggling through Terminal B
I don't know [__] if I did I wouldn't
tell
you what do you think I can't leave zor
UNG guarded stuff's been getting looted
lately is those little Kips sneaking on
that night if they touch my stuff the
bosses will be on my ass like ass cancer
there was a bunch of spilled boxes in
the back of a big lorry
nearby turn on the strobe
setting that that's not
real I hate his face he looks like he'd
steal the 101
donations this is to suggest that cor
Corella
DeVille
is is somehow brought down to this man's
level but she isn't she can't be she
serves [__]
the man pulls on his cigarette furiously
probably still thinking about mosquitoes
and as
caner isn't it obvious [__] ceing
that b s
Samaran his little side business is a
scam I wouldn't be surprised if he was
pedling drugs as well
that's the one his Tri our natural lers
it's in their
blood is your man right 100% is a Lor
man selling his employer stuff broke the
seals on his human o no doubt she's
selling drugs too I wouldn't be so sure
about it not until we've heard what cang
himself has to say guess
so so wait ceiling is
the there's the guy down this way
yeahuh not this guy but the one
lower over here
everything's still cool here
officer drugs I don't go in for that
officer drugs ruin lives unless you're
into drugs of course in which case drugs
are
excellent tasty tasty
drugs that's so cool you investigating
the local drug trade like some cool narc
but I am not a Lori driver I'm just a
street vandor I don't know anything
about that a blatant lie sire yet he
tells it with such conviction we'd
believe him if we didn't know
better who said that it's the fat racist
right I bet it's him he has an agenda
against me because I'm an immigrant who
works harder than he does he's a hater
honestly so true so you admit you're a
lur driver no I just said I work harder
and he's an [__] I'm realizing he
can't get out of it smart man okay maybe
I'm a lorry driver too a little but
that's not the most important thing
about me that's my day job this is my
dream no that's inan it's the hter he's
been eyeing me for a week and he sent
you here maybe he is the one huh have
you thought about that nothing I told
you I'm not a dumb guy I don't get inv
boled with that crowd and what crowd is
that crowd you know the drug crowd no he
wasn't talking about an abstract crowd
it was that crowd
no use he's not telling us he's too
afraid we need to take him to my station
and ask him there after we've called his
bus okay look there's bad people doing
bad things here that's all I know please
don't get me into this mess I spent 15
years working my way up here we go
there's a tiny bit of Truth on the table
zoom in on
it it's a she okay the other drivers
call her the lady driver you're better
off staying away from her the way they
talk about her she's no lady interesting
could this driver be connected to the
Hardy
Boys I don't know
maybe if she is I have I'm eating
sponsored by I don't get involved I'm
always eating sponsored
by it could be she was
strange
also um
because we're in the quick scope era
very likely once I'm done with disco
elium I'll probably uh see if I can
tolerate playing whatever the newest
Call of Duty
is on
stream he's not ruling her
out all of them I don't know I told you
all I know are we cool now I really want
us to be cool now who exactly is talking
about this lady driver of yours the
racist or the other one with the tattoos
only if I have the vid filter on at all
times that's kind of hard
because in order to have the vid filter
on I have to also listen to my voice at
the exact same time and there's always
going to be a slight
delay and it's it's it's very difficult
to to actually do that
live all of them even the ones who left
I don't hang out with them I don't
remember who has
tattoos I don't know I'm not local I
don't know anything about
that all right I scored let's cap this
off with a purchase you can walk away
from here with funky sunglasses
detective both of you you deserve
it the shine on these sunglasses lasts a
lifetime officer 100% gu gu
you conceptualization did not want to
speak today oh very interesting choice
officer very high
culture this is how a sea monster sees
the world you've become a sea monster
Harry giant hidden and strangely tender
at heart all is blue all right but these
actually make your vision worse it's
like literally being
underwater yes but they also make your
soul quiver like Jello-O so
deep wow officer you look so
cool nor is canceling headphones work
with that I use open
bags uh the H 600 hter
600 by old mate sunny
and they can be yours for a m FAL my
regular customers have passed them all
up because they've got no taste but you
found them the lieutenant tilts his head
and steps back eyes narrowed in a
thorough examination it's a case to him
you look like a musician like a blind
musician but you could do worse take
them if you want
that's awesome why didn't I see that
before wait those increase logic but I
already have no they don't they decrease
logic shades of
self-destruction this doesn't have this
has no
drawbacks at all it just gives you a
stat
increase it's
op a man who knows his style much
respect spy and practical officer good
choice this shit's the [__] meta guys
holy
[__] get the [__] on get that [__] on
right away wait what what what do these
do oh who [__] put that [__] on get the
oh it's a
hat am I the
winner of
world
yo I'm cracked I'm [__] cracked
holy [__] I'm the Frog champion of the
world do you see this [__] finally an
outfit that Harry can actually work
with who the [__] are
you good day to you officers
man on water lock a Burly man hangs out
by the water lock carving up a generous
serving of salami with an old Hunter's
knife His Eyes Are Fixed On A man
stranded on the other side of the water
lock and on an enormous billboard that
has fallen down into the canal between
them my friend Barry the butcher is
stuck on the other side of the water
lock I'm keeping him coming company and
eating this
salami that's good from the corner of
your eye you see a man in shirt and gray
overalls waving at you from across the
canal he seems disappointed about the
wreckage on the water lock and the
salami Full Metal Alchemist reference
I'll show you a Full Metal Alchemist
reference cuts off both of Harry's legs
better now do you love this reference
isn't it Grand very good
stuff anything I can do for you
officer I wasn't here to witness it but
those look like tire tracks on that side
weird huh then again plenty of deevil
drivers in rivershell
interesting the words Daredevil driver
sound ominous to you too bad it also
takes a year and a day to repair
anything around here especially a water
lot
the rest of the coast is closed off till
then well there's the fishing Village an
abandoned Fish Market a Bizarro church
not much used to the congregation though
there always seems to be something wrong
with
it this this this guy is a should be
called man who is the salami champion of
the universe and not man on water
lock yeah not really much else just
bombed out ruins sure thing
it is salty it is Savory it is chewy The
Hangover only makes the salami more
tasty want some too officer why
not the twink he finally ate
something oh buddy oh oh buddy oh
Kim your your days are
numbered we actually watched him eat
something insane can't believe it couple
of indicator lights are missing from
this control panel loose wires dangle
from the now vacant holes in the middle
is a lever beneath it a small metal
plaque this panel usually closes the
water lock turning it into a bridge that
lets you cross the canal but there's a
crashed Samaran butter sign in the way
pulling the lever probably won't do
anything pull the lever all the way up
until the metal clicks against the
contact pin
you hear a soft clunk then nothing
happens nothing happens a cold gust of
wind a spring brings the lever back to
its original position you still need to
close the water lock to get across the
canal some other way wasn't there a sign
over there saying functionality will be
restored on Wednesday morning
I I do use the Focus right I use an I
think I use
a is it a 16
I6 it's like just barely not a rack
mounted
one I have two pairs of stereo outputs
two pairs of stereo inputs two balance
line inputs with 48 volt microphone
thing it has uh
spdif connectivity or some [__] like
that and then I think it has
like one other
connector I kind of need a new one I
think but not enough that I I'm
prevented from doing my work or anything
right
now you have a Blue Yeti no I have an
sm7b what's your problem
buddy now it's turning into a kind of a
snow limbo man what's on your
mind I don't want to talk about
that man I was hoping she'd catch a
break all I can say is she isn't around
here anymore more she isn't some
Mastermind evil doer and I don't know
where she
is I have a 6 I6 from 2017 I don't need
two mic inputs so I was wondering if you
have any
recommendations
my I mean that sounds fine though like
that sounds like just that sounds like
you got what you
need I think mine's an 806 yeah that's
probably
it um
usually if you if you have the ability
to get something with a lot of like IO
you want to get something with
formidable IO more than you think you'll
need because the moment you want to
expand stuff you can't just like tack on
new inputs and [__] without without
causing trouble
anyway um
honestly you may consider
uh you may just consider like a smaller
like a 2 I2
honestly for me though it's like I kind
of want to have more inputs and outputs
than I think I'll need because I will
always have the opportunity to expand
stuff but if you start with a
smaller piece
then uh you'll probably run out of space
a lot faster but I don't know you you
know your situation
better I kind of haven't done a lot of
exploration into like my main audio
interface um I've sort of just used the
Scarlet stuff forever I might try and
take a look at like changing the setup
next year but we'll see cuz this works
for
me I was thinking about picking up like
a mixer see if I can put that somewhere
and uh get that to work out because if I
can get a mixer going in this in this
studio setup uh that would be really
cool I don't have acoustic treatment
no a friend an acquaintance I don't know
she was the only person in this damn Jam
I could talk to she's someone I don't
want to rat out to the law
okay thank God I don't know people here
call her the lady driver she kept her
name a secret for me too now I see why
again not a lie as far as you can tell a
youngish woman Gruff but in a cool way
what color hair blue and violet
died it was Violet when she got here
blue before she went then she may have
died it
again so she has blue hairs and PHS damn
I don't want
to please just let it go whatever ever
she did it can't be that bad she's not a
bad person I know that much we can't
just let it go it's part of a police
investigation that's how it always is
with you isn't it all part of the
investigation the girl's troubled if you
hunt her down she may not survive it I
can't have that on my conscience it
won't come to that we won't pursue her
on this this is information only me I
don't believe
you she's got the darkness in her that
Young Person's darkness when you think
it's all over and you're looking for a
way out she shared dis with you yes
which is why I don't want to snitch on
her I heard the rumors I saw the other
drivers looking at me strange when we
talked and she told me too that she's
had a violent life but I wasn't afraid
of her more like for her did this
violent life in include drug trafficking
well it looks like it did now but we
didn't talk about that we talked about
life you know she talked about her
mind the way it worked the trouble it
was given her [__] man go grow someone
else with these questions okay there are
plenty of drivers here who couldn't
stand her or were afraid of her they'd
be more than happy to R her out he's
right there are other options the race
man for one H the grayhair woman maybe
she knows something wait this guy says
they're friends then
acquaintances and he's okay with others
reting her push Tommy and it will break
his heart and his spirits don't expect
you to be
Pals fine I don't want to be a butcher
and I don't want to be a KN either I
just want to be a person who can sleep
at night a little Fame wouldn't hurt
too thank you
friend wow this makes me feel like I
should pick up smoking
again would help with my Rhymes
too this is such this is such a weird
[__] game for me to be playing with
because I don't want to make any
decisions a cop would make
um like I'm just like I just want to n
it I don't want to do anything with it
necessarily I'm not trying to snitch on
anybody but [__] Harry
is hary housing [__] monster Inc
looking ass
guy
doing so the the race the race
man what this guy or the looking for or
something a come to tell me to [__] off
again yes I don't know what you're
talking
about he did something he stole his
employer goods and another Lor man's job
you should be thankful for the tip be a
snitch by it's fun fun for
who people are just living life I don't
[__]
care it's not my problem
listen up [__] you don't scare me
you Cubs don't run R West you don't run
Martinez you don't ear anything like
drugs ain't
[__] it's like who [__] cares I'll
put up I'll put the sign up again I'll
put the sign up again I'll put it up
again
no he means laputa madri a legendary and
not in a good way Crime Boss from jamro
controls what is probably the most
powerful organized crime outfit in Revol
West yeah him
then I presume you are familiar with his
peonies yeah they're his little [__]
he's got them all over the unions not
just the unions he has peers everywhere
some say he even has them in the RCM
dirty [__] peers who do anything for
him multi-ethnic drug
addicts the lieutenant adopts a rodent
quality be cool sire he's getting into
this you're not peonies you wouldn't be
investigating a drug thing if you were
no of course not we are not beis but if
we were and one of madre's drivers were
to be stealing from him then it's a good
Pi's job to find out who that is he's
surprisingly good at this not bad at all
look at him
luring the twink can't Lurch but I
believe you drama it's not a hard job it
won't take a long time it won't make bad
M angry but a stupid [__] rist is
dist standing in the way protecting this
[__] teeth I'm not scared of you or
the mob I'm under the protection of the
lorman in Carter's Guild you've seen
that corpse in the ceramic armor there
did his shitty little Guild protect him
oh [__] Kim never mind let
let let the twink let the twink speak
nah you wouldn't just leave him out
there if you
the lieutenant turns and gives you a
veryable give you bastard be careful
this man still got some fight in him by
the looks of it it won't be easy to
break him okay quick same can I
[__] [__] the main thing is to not
overdo it even when you're trying to
scare someone the most important thing
is
how does it look on your
resume
[__] no but I hate this
guy what was the last
one 107 oh that was a while ago
I might just have to live with
it what do you think we're doing right
now run we're outside
talking there some kind of humo thing
yeah maybe it does okay that's enough
detective let's just go and ask tmy all
right we are wasting our time here no I
have to do it again I'm
sorry when they when they say say this
[__] takes your morale they really mean
it everything's still
cool when they say this [__] kills your
morale they made it
literally I'll just go repeat the
[__]
[Music]
everything come on Kim we're doing a
speedrun did we walk down here
first I think we
[Music]
did sorry that is just painful just PID
for good day to you officer a Burly man
my friend Barry the butcher from very
good stuff I wasn't the word too bad it
also takes well yeah not really much
sure thing it is want
some a couple of this
panel nothing nothing happen a spring
brings wasn't there a sign
to quick save before talking to the old
racist lad wa what was
that good
thanks every time I see the the
excavation Mark by Kim I'm like a [__]
my Kim meter is going
off now it's turning into a kind of a
snow Lim I don't want to talk about that
man I I was hoping she'd catch a break
thank God I again a friend a young what
blue in then damn I don't we that's how
it always one I don't believe you she's
got the yes which is why I don't want to
snitch on her I heard the well the way
it work [__] man he's right wait push
Tommy and it will break his heart fine I
don't want to be a butcher thank you
friend okay
I have not played aore I don't know if I
play him
too looking for something on I don't
know what you're talking about headed
some listen up [__] quits you don't
scare me no a
legendary yeah then I prese yeah not
just theant adops you're not no he's
surprisingly it's not a hard job I'm not
SC you've seen that n the lieutenant be
careful this man still got some fight in
him the looks of it men like this only
respect two things strength and
fear [__] you I told you I'm not going
to there his voice grow smaller as
yours hold on let's
see we're got to we're got to pick the
right one what which
H say the the first and second one are
kind of crazy third one is like kind of
a little bit cheesy let's go two look
[__] you man it's a Lor down there green
banged up thing I don't [__] know who
she is when did she go away I don't know
I don't even know her name she just
rules with the fleet and acts like a Big
Shot some Dyke probably I haven't even
seen her for days body knows every slur
in the book also uh yeah I know all of
the dialogue
options uh are correct if you succeed
the thing pass the monument down there
the green Temple now leave me the [__]
alone okay a small Temple by the
monument Green Let's get into that lorry
nice is is the
[Music]
green the
green this green found a toz contempor
is parked in the shadow of the ruins
looming overhead this must be the one he
told us about and unless he was
laying the glass on the side windows is
tinted and covered with dust you can
barely make out the shape of the seat
and two steering
levers the door is locked the handle
looks shiny like it's recently replaced
there's no picking this lock the owner
has put Special Care into it it's a
recess
design use the pry bar to smash the
window open it from the inside
I don't know how good it is but this
investigation has taken long enough we
can't afford it to take any
longer so I did
physical does this count
the wife feeder here give this one to
Elon this screen found a to it Kim why
did you do a little shimmy back
there can I
also got no points or
anything I threw the rest of it away I
couldn't stand
it the
uh the whatever
[__] there's no item I can take that
like [__] okay
play in the game how it was meant to be
played this screen Found A to Z prar in
looks like the window might be
shatterproof you may have to rethink
your approach another futile this has
been hard enough no need to make it any
harder he smashes it into the window
droplets of glass fly everywhere
shattering over the Lorry floor and okay
well if I had known he was just going to
do
that I wouldn't skip the dialogue
this green
f contempor is parted prar in hand you
take a hard swing at the window a loud
thunk rings out and the prybar bounces
back leaving a tiny spider web on the
glass looks like the window might be
shatterproof you may have to rethink
your
approach another futile thunk sounds in
the brisk Coastal air this has been hard
enough no need to make it any
harder he smashes it into the window
droplets of glass fly everywhere
shattering over the Lorry floor and
pavement you can the smell of cigarettes
and perfume welcomes you the cabin
inside is plastered with old movie
posters actresses smile from the walls
there's a radio transmitter in the front
and a tool box tucked under the driver's
seat some tools lie scattered near the p
there's something odd about the
passenger seat the sea in fabric has
been pulled tight over the lower side of
the seat where the toolbox should
be these are movie posters featuring
starlets from long forgotten films from
the 20s the teens even the '90s of the
last century one of them particularly
catches your eye a cold of an anenu
attached right above the back seat
there's definitely perfume in the a it's
spicy with a hint of Amber wafting
through the bitter air of the
cabin the remnants of a sweet Juniper
scented perfume probably granate number
five the actress is draped in a Sheath
dress one of her shoulders Beed The
Faded remains of an autograph run across
the poster she's looking past the camera
this is T ton a Starlet from the dawn of
of cinematography less known for her
Talent than her tragic untimely death
she wasted away in a drug Den called the
door to the river not far from here on
Boogie Street a mixture of
cocaine she was afraid of the world and
the camera too wow that's crazy if only
there were a joke for
this the actresses and the rare actor
all smile you a warm goodbye a radio
transmitter is attached to the dashboard
and a toolbox sits under the driver's
seat thank you looks like the frequency
dial is absent it requires a key to work
but the key has been removed likely by
the missing lady driver strange there
are so many radio stations saved here
would be over 100 at least
for contacting an entire fleet of lurmen
for example this is all shortwave U and
ukv looks like we dealing with an
impressive organizational tool the Nerf
center of a huge operation with quite a
range too a 20 km radius at least
perhaps extended by an attachable
antenna that's not here right now no
that's on
78.9 what I happen to have committed the
frequency to memory I have no problem
admitting that um doesn't look like it
it's completely inoperable without the
DI key the ghostly actresses and the
rusty toolbox under the driver's seat
and the oddly bulging seat
cover you wedge yourself under the
steering wheel to get a better look
seems like the few tools lying around
here a hammer a pair of pliers a rusty
wrench have been casually thrown there
by the disorganized
driver with the conversation on child
I'm thinking like I got to make like an
album specifically for sleep for sleep
music but one odd detail does catch your
eye a piece of sandpaper has been glued
to the
throttle sandpaper adds extra
grip s paper a novel
technique
yes which means that the missing lady
driver was present at the
lynching looks like her
yes now we know for certain who's the
missing eighth person at ing do you
think that Hardy and his boys could also
be involved in a drug
operation understood we should still go
and see what Titus has got to say on the
matter are we finish with theori the
movie stars are still smiling from the
walls the radio transmitter sits on the
center console and a faint smell of
perfume is in the air low five Violet I
mean that's just tales requester and uh
uh aloe and Lotus but I'm a huge
purveyor and fan of like ASMR videos
like figuring out how do you combine
that with like a music format would be
an interesting
idea so I needs to get me one of those
[__] giant ass head
microphones voila a step of neatly
folded papers has been stashed behind
the seating fabric you see three Maps
depicting a large metropolitan area it's
revon some of its routes and highways
have been outlined with a
pen a lot of there there are some ASMR
creators who have like Been instrumental
in like in in like inspiring me to do
like story
writing uh the greatest and biggest
shout out to the uh the Youtube channel
good night Moon ASMR cuz I feel like uh
ever since I found her YouTube channel
in like 2017 I've been like so much more
interested in writing because of her
videos
so crazy [__] crazy
[__] explains how to beat up malitia
face NPC's as more to fall asleep in
study too
this large map displays the elevated
Motorway called
881 the intake leading to martines is
marked with a blue X there's another X
on the offramp at a place called The Old
South tolos at the intakes are marked
with a circle it looks like there are
scant few ways of getting onto the
elevated Motorway that runs over Jamrock
and this person knows the more an audio
book of monar of monsters sounds
like a a grading experience there
hundreds of thousands of motor carriages
Roar on the
881 High Above the mess of brown and Red
Roofs that is Jamrock the commuters
don't even look down the world ceases to
exist outside the
windshield to Kuro through the middle
income neighborhoods there by the river
and then to Stella Maris and lad Delta
for work while the men and women of
Jamrock Scuttle to their Fates below the
road this Municipal map from the 30s
displays a complex system of storm
sewers underneath a subdistrict called
the pox Old Military Hospital right
adjacent to the 41st Precinct no storm
will ever drown rolw the great solution
to the riddle of History history wind
wind rips through the empty hallways of
the once great military hospital now
just a ruin under an overgrown Park
beneath the hospital great sewer tunnels
hum and vibrate with life of their
own the rattle of motor carriages and
lorries driving through long forgotten
tunnels lit by gas lights the final map
displays a labyrinth of service tunnels
left over from the construction of
Motorway
881 a few routs have been marked with a
pen where the tunnels and sewers surface
near the eminent domain and a traffic
Island in central Jamrock by the lake
these service tunnels were probably used
during the construction of the
foundation beneath the motorway also
yeah I do enjoy Fork Fork rock
it it's not L comparable
but the first artist I have memories
listening
to uh is Bruce
Springstein which is more just like
Americana music and not so much folk
rock but that
definitely primed me to to to be into
like more like full country rock music
stuff
um and I want to do more stuff like that
too like that's that's one of the
reasons I bought a Telecaster cuz I got
to have I have a I got to have a
Telecaster for the purpose of making
that music you know what's the point of
making country music without a
Telly looks like the Smugglers have
infiltrated the road Network belonging
to East motor
trct I have to Kin all the way so it
would
seem believe it or not the Telecaster I
got for like 550
the the normal price was like
8.99 but I traded in some stuff
and uh it was also on sale at the same
time like the the the S the normal price
was like $8.99 so 900 basically it was
brand new it's not used it was it was
550 fully set up and
everything
and I've used uh when I was at my when I
was living with my parents I used my
dad's strats a lot for stuff not much
but like that's kind of what I used I
kind of had my own guitar but it sucked
so I didn't really use it very much uh
and then I got the Squire
Affinity when I came to
Portland and then uh when I first
started getting back into like playing
guitar stuff I was like uh obviously I
wanted a strat but I had the opportunity
to pick up the Telecaster and I realized
holy [__] I fully understand why people
love the Telecaster now it just it just
works it it doesn't
like it's such a good shape and it's a
really good
weight Maple neck I've I've decided that
Maple necks are my favorite cuz I like
the the Slick the Slick smooth finish on
the maple necks and
stuff
um and just like the classic normal ass
standard
butterscotch Telecaster is just it it's
just so
nice it pickups are
simple but but they just they cut really
good they cut really really
nice how much you spend on guitar as a
beginner um I've had no lessons proper
lessons I've just been like doing it by
ear mainly watching some YouTube videos
and stuff
uh a video I saw from some I don't know
who the [__] it was like I just watching
YouTube shorts sometimes someone said
like if you're looking into getting into
guitar don't spend too much time on
like like the guitar specs or like
trying to figure out what's the best
possible guitar go for like the guitar
you think is the coolest one just go
just pick up a Guitar you think looks
cool don't worry about anything else cuz
like if you enjoy
guitar uh very likely that will not be
your last guitar so you may as well just
pick one that you enjoy that you already
that makes you want to play it
that was kind of the method with uh with
this
[__] oh yeah the Telecaster beautiful
piece of work the lipstick the lipstick
pickup is is a style I didn't think I
would like but I really do
know
um and like the other thing the other
thing I've found
out through playing more guitar is that
I'm I'm a single I'm a single
coil kind of creature I've been playing
humbuckers my whole life because like
everyone's like oh you got to go
humbuckers for that high output right so
I've been running humbuckers in like
everything I play since forever and then
I get some stuff with single coils like
solid single coil pickups and like God
[__] damn that twangy beef that you
get out of a single coil like Bridge
pickup is just gnarly and I love
that the Yeehaw segment of wallflower
actually I I had the the Gretch out the
Gretch I have is like I don't even know
which one it is it's just like a semih
Holo but the I was doing the Riff again
in call earlier
[Music]
and I have a
uh a Bigsby a Bigsby uh tremolo on this
guitar really really nice
[Music]
one and then this is this guitar is in
this tuning right now
I think I need to turn it again because
it's really low
[Music]
there we go until there's the L see if I
remember
[Music]
I have to normally the the notes for
this are on two different other strings
and not the high strings because the
tuning I have this guitar in I can only
play the the the reflection reprise on
the high strings it's like kind of
[__] me up and my nails I need to cut
my
nails my nails so grow so [__] fast
dude
like is this normal my my nails always
like out here like growing quarter of an
inch in like a weak
[Music]
no pick required I I actually so one of
the reasons why I keep saying like I
learned guitar for this album is cuz
I've always done finger style for
everything even with like
[Music]
strumming I've always done these are my
fingers right now my Hooves these I was
like I need to actually learn how to use
a [__] pick so I did I how to use a
pick properly I still have to work on my
alternate picking techniques cuz they're
very
bad but I can use a pig now at
[Music]
least I do love this RI very much
my favorite thing here let me see if I
can get this on the camera or something
my favorite thing here is where you play
this chord oh can we see this yeah when
you play this chord let me get my
microphone over here when you play this
chord it's
like just making sure to bend that chord
I I love that sound so much it's so
crazy a little bit hard to do it when
I'm holding the guitar at that angle
[Music]
but that's that's the thing I've Loved
about guitar is like suddenly realizing
I can bend notes at
will we can't you can't really do that
on a piano without the pitch wheel which
can still be kind of unnatural Feeling
So guitar has made me feel like oh I can
actually play like you know in between
the semmit tones a bit more I like
[Music]
that and that's also how you play the uh
the play dad r as
[Music]
go and you got to play like the ug you
got to play like the really harsh twangy
power cords
and then you got to use then you got to
go like with the ugliest
possible strained cords so it's
like I think I've shown this on the
stream before but the technique
is I have the slide
here this is this is not acoustic either
this is a
uh the semih
Hol but I'm just I'm find the semih Holo
right now cuz it it'll sound better
without plugging it in or
anything um but my technique is for play
dead can we can we just get like there
my technique for play dead
is maybe it's on this one
cuz you got to play the absolute ugliest
[__] up here you have to go like
[Music]
so that's how you play play dead and
then the Sledge riff is just
[Music]
uh this is not going to sound as great
without Distortion but
[Music]
this [__] sounds terrifying with
Distortion actually you know
what just for a moment sorry Kim I know
you want to say some
[__] want to like plug this plug
something in why don't we do the
Telecaster cuz I like I like to use the
Telecaster for like also just
abusive guitar
techniques you got to look at this
[__] look at this look at this
disgusting strap I
found absolutely disgusting strap and I
was like I need that there's no way I'm
going to leave the [__] store without
that [__] terrible
strap big big big thick ass cable
okay so let me
just go here I'll show you the amp setup
I'm I'm running right
now we're going
uh let do a good J
[Music]
no [__] clue what this tuning
was I'm just tune this to
[Music]
proper wait was that an e
interesting that's an e for the third
string let's just go back down
D I'm going turn this down to uh up to e
really quickly
[Music]
okay and then go take this back down to
D for classic classic ass
thing come on now get in
there okay that's good enough
[Music]
oh yeah there we
go let's see if we can get it
[Music]
[Applause]
now that's how [__] I'm talking about
all right there we
go
so get
this um over
[Music]
here so
sludge and play dead are relatively easy
to play it's mainly just timing things
like wfire equation Etc are like a lot
harder so that's why I'm not going to
play this on right now but for play dead
and sledge it's literally just
like for Sledge it's just an open open
drop D
chord for play dead you also play up
here I'm going play dad you play the
second chord
stop why thank you
sure
um when you play that second chord up
here you go make sure to bend it
up so
[Music]
[Applause]
so that's how you do that and then
there's
[Applause]
[Music]
so the sludge riff is like it's kind of
easy but you got to get used to like
learning how to do this whole
[Music]
movement too much pressure and it
doesn't work and
then you have to make sure it's a tonal
because again if you have it just at a
normal
angle that's a that's that's a chord
that's oh that's wait that's almost
Musical and we don't want we don't want
it to be musical we want it to just be
horrifying so again you take that ankle
you just do it like
this you can do it without a slide but
then you have to make sure to get like
weird angles with your with the cord up
here because if you do a normal angle
well you're now you're playing a chord
and we can't have that can we why would
you want to play a chord you want to
play something ugly like this
it's
like like oh that's a lovely chord isn't
it but what if we added like two more
fingers where they shouldn't
go okay well that's also a chord how do
I make it not a chord you just like put
your hand somewhere
weird and just like play it don't think
about what you're playing you just have
to like try and make the most ungodly
combination of notes Here
[Applause]
[Music]
w see that you shouldn't be doing that
you should be doing
this
um and I'm a piano player that's my main
instrument aside from drums really and
and getting on the guitar and being like
what if I played stuff that made no
[__] sense was so freeing because on
the piano you can't really play
something that isn't not a note it's all
snapped to specific intervals and a
guitar you can be like
[Music]
[Applause]
I was like how do I leverage that by
just
[Music]
[Applause]
like like of course you could play
conventional
[Music]
[Applause]
down
[Music]
[Applause]
that was something else I was doing on
Monarch a lot was I'd find a chord where
it's like so I did this all by ear I'm
like listening I'm
[Music]
like like okay that's a chord I can
play and now it's like
[Applause]
slowly like keeping that cord there and
then like bending it up and down while
you like just go crazy that's my
favorite [__]
[Applause]
ever and this poor Telecaster this is
this is the one this is the one I love
to use to like hurt the most
[Music]
okay cool
um sure thanks for that
sound
anyway my beautiful beautiful
Telecaster that's why I gave it the uh
the alien that's why I gave it the alien
strap cu the one I want to feel the
funniest
but my guitar skills are very redent so
everything I just did everyone else can
do too so you should try
it
okay back to the balloon
Champion the RCM patrols most of these
auxiliary roads though apparently not
all of
them hard to say this distribution
Network looks certainly large yet still
vague enough it doesn't reveal much
about the best merti behind it the best
merti is a r sholan crime syndicate they
see themselves as the inheritors of the
14 rolian Indo tribes but really they're
just violent gang Ving for control on
the west side of Ron with cool names
like Laut Madre and
AAA it's dark parody it's definitely not
the union they just do some Logistics
his operation has spread everywhere on
gemrock if it's that widespread then mad
Remains the most likely suspect here is
bad news there have been attempts at a
serious investigation before but they
haven't ended well for those involved
thanks for the little concert
too I wouldn't call that a coner we're
glad you liked
it best not to disturb the scene I'll
have forensics go over the Lori and pick
this up later the stack of maps looks
just like before barely noticeable the
movie stars look silently by and the
pullout tool boox has a rubber handle
worn from years of use a metallic drawer
slides out from the seat it's empty
except for a folded newspaper listen
next time I'll cut my nails better you
got to this is this is this is my small
finger we can't be do this I cut this
[__] a week ago Dude you see
this why is this allowed I cut the [__]
a week
ago I've been cursed for being
gay it's an issue of petty fedy leak
from last Wednesday a piece of paper
falls out from its Pages it looks like
an article ripped out from a radio
Enthusiast magazine complex mathematical
equations explain the basics of
something called the Ulan frequency
system the Ulen frequency system I've
never heard of that before I know of FM
am ukv but pulling two slice back into
its nest the rest is as it was post
Aradia dust on the
Windows close the rusty old Lori door
great I think we got everything a word
detective before we return return to
Joy ah [__] my Kem meter's going
off all right we finished here let's
quickly debrief and go over what we
found so we don't do it in front of the
company r
honestly I'm quite worried by what we've
seen so far the evidence seems to point
to rather extensive and well organized
operation I'm especially intrigued by
that radio transmitter particularly the
sheer number of stations it can connect
looks like this alleged drug trade casts
a wi
net this means it's well funded
technology like like that a major player
must be financing
it I'm not sure what the uland
frequencies are all bugs but they may
hold some significance perhaps it's a
better way to connect between fleets
while avoiding frequency bleed or maybe
it's used to tap into RCM networks oh
and the maps we found they reveal the
geographical extent of the operation
looks like they views abandoned tunnels
and access roads to stay hidden this is
useful info like the sewer and last but
not least it looks like The Hardy Boys
knew this driver as we know that she was
present at the lynching this may be the
union connection we've been searching
for as elegant as they are I don't think
they are relevant to the drug
trade yes
well like Joyce told us yes logistically
but don't expect to bust this open
during our stay here at best this is an
angle we can use against them to other
ANS as extra ammunition meaning someone
as slippery as epod won't be caught by a
couple of cops and some stuff they found
in some
cabin we should return to the murder
case see what Joyce tells us about the
lynching when we are done for the day I
call my station and suggest our
narcotics Department look into it there
are more than enough grounds to start an
official investigation sometime later
when we're done here we do not want to
get caught in
that the fact that one hasn't started
already gives me pause an investigation
I mean especially if the MRI grouping is
involved and I can't imagine the AR it
certainly worries on thought on a piece
of fan which is vid doing the expression
you know what vid would do the
expression that's what I'll say all the
same I don't like the idea of internal
affairs descending on the matter that
won't help anyone either de brief over
after you
okay wait how do I get up
there now we go this
way you got him
INE I uh saw you poking around in lady
driver's Lori she in
trouble it's that
bad man what should I do what should I
do to help
her damn I always want her to watch
yourself man nothing to do now I guess
maybe I should just keep my head down
and work on my Rhymes while I can
oh you know Tommy leham is going to be a
musician gang but with Beats I've got a
lot of free time on the road to home my
craft the correct grammar is Tommy
LOM Tommy L was taken my real name's
Jerry leit Tommy's way
better yeah you too be safe detective
want a
collab so
true I have no idea if the autopsy thing
is going to be uh graphic or not so far
this entire game has not been graphic
really
but not
sure if anyone knows it's not okay I
didn't think
so I always say that I'm like sensitive
to like Gore in video games and [__] but
then every time happens I like don't
care so I don't actually know if I
care all right buddy the rotting man
lies on his side with his eyes looking
straight through you the belt is still
around his neck his body is sapine and
open to intrusion by autopsy the
lieutenant adjusts his glasses and takes
a deep deep
breath come on officer you know what the
fotsy is you've done a 100 of them what
you do know is at 18.9 km the dormant
shield volcano Corpus Mendy is the
world's highest Summit and the failure
of the 38 single epu D to crack the top
20 was the death Nell of disco but what
a field autopsy is you have no idea sure
dude unfortunately
no they're better than nothing tell you
what I perform the anatomical side of
things while you will take
notes that's
right the dead man stares in silence as
you crack open The Ledger the bright red
paper is covered in boxes and lists
describing the condition of his skin and
organs in three parts above those an 11
field info form needs filling out first
it begins with that's
you did he initial it his name or did he
write it full
oh wait speaking of existential
horror I have not played
that um I'll play I'll put the full name
the corpse is indifferent to your
scribblings just lies there the next box
says K
k57
d803 do
0815 KK equals Kim kitsuragi 57 equals
Precinct 57 followed by his date
0803 and time of arrival
0815 on the scene he's indexed the case
after himself not to
you that's because he doesn't want to
bring up the messy question of your
initials and what would that make the
alpha numeric hdb 41
803 help me out with the time of day
anyone
111 it's meaningful
10:15 it's
understated
um good good let's go with that na
next
na H roughly 50 try 40 the damage is so
extensive it's better to a on the young
side he nods M fair to olive skin from
the e Sola of windy this is as vague as
it gets you might as well say whitish
the py m of curdled meat looks neither
mundal nor anything other [__]
[__] kunos s enough of these
games
M big get out
six this is so much pressure what do we
choose nor does he look male with his
pregnant belly and in distinguishable
face we're still going with March 4th 51
what else nine body identified by is non
applicable 10 case number is the same as
the coroner's case hdb 41
0803 listens motionless with the cargo
belt still around his neck only one box
remains none at least not after the
initial
examination he places his gloved hand on
the Dead Man's Chest as if in
preparation let's go your central
nervous system recognizes this gesture
it's the Stations of the breath
ecclesiastic religious in nature a hold
out from pre DeLorean burial rights it
takes him 2 seconds to perform then we
should starts to bust M them the corpse
cannot feel Kim's hand on his chest it
no longer meaningfully interacts with
its surroundings a Thicket of boxes and
lists on red cop of paper tries to
answer
why cloes the disease wears armored
boots and white briefs the make of the
briefs is babina I think let's
see see it's happening Babin yes
inexpensive size M color white the
disappointment is palpable the redhead
thing was expecting something more LD
the boots are ceramic vitrio enamel they
fused to his skin from blood flowing
downward post morm removal of the boots
is left for processing the boot has a
serial number it's e50 do1 O do 1LE o
the lines between the plates are in the
shape of the alpha numerical
the number is purposefully concealed by
the design
tattoos the upper torso is covered in a
single continuous tatue resembling a
national pattern it reaches from the
right shoulder to the heart the ink is
blue and white the assistant has a color
photograph of the markings to be added
to the case files as document A1 the
photo is taken on the scene using a
triggered mini the dce has a belt for
airlifting cargo around his neck NE tied
with a hangman's nut color yellow length
3 m there is a buckle on the other end
well-nourished athletically built
measuring 1.8 m generally consistent
with ag42 preservation is good ambient
temperature below freezing body hair is
light brown distribution is consistent
with age the deceased had male pattern
boldness hair is corn back short
his hair feels wet soaked with rain cold
to touch not that different from a
living person after a swim stroke his
hair gently the stench is suffocating
strands of dark brown hair start
sticking to your hand like thread off a
rag doll's head thanks there's brilliant
TI in there he's combed his ha back with
oil keep petting him
Help At what point is it
weird because what if we learn more
details goodness gracious
lividity is consistent with hanging the
head is congested contusions are present
on the head chest and thighs consistent
with stone Throne postmortem low
velocity [__] low velocity you think
Kuno doesn't know what you're talking
about velocity was [__] Max talking
[__] about kun's velocity in addition
there are bite marks on the face scalp
and chest consistent with pred Li at
your mark
the steel wiring there's too much of it
we need to remove the Bell so we can get
to the liat Your Mark you got just the
right tool for that the chain
Cutters the hanged man lets out a joyous
little bubble of rot from his nose oh
his
eyes always good to think ahead now we
need to cut the belt to see the ligature
Mark below carefully with as much
precision as you can see my pig is going
to [__] his head off no he ain't your
Pig's are boring
[__] the belt is equally tight around
the whole circumference of his neck
swelling over the edges like white bread
rising from the yeast the knot is the
weak spot the chain Cutters fit in there
steady now like a flower arranger two
cuts and it should come loose please
don't roll low on a high
83 you jam the Cutters right under the
knot that seems like a smart idea yeah
somewhere there already they're buried
deep in the man's flesh no then you
rotate them to get a better hold no no
no then a really really bad smell is
coming from there now no and some kind
of cracking sound the lieutenant looks
by somewhat worried as you summon power
words to your Aid yeah [__] him [__]
that [__] corp's [__] time told
you my pig was Hardcore I should have a
go first I think I have a
strategy he sinks the Cutters into the
knot preparing to perform the cuts with
his elbow to his knee why does have to
do everything Harry you're such a fail
girl snap the notot is slashed another
cut and the belt falls apart like a
flower bouquet revealing the dead man's
neck and the dark red Li at your mark
around it
here the Rope Rises to a point leaving a
gap in the ligature Mark the suspension
point is in the back of the neck on the
hmer reging is observed on the skin
above and below the LI Mark the Mark is
well pronounced consistent with a drop
from 1 or 1.5 5 m chest is intact normal
Contour abdomen is pro pelvis intact
genitalia no let's get out SE I [__]
knew it genitalia is male and
unremarkable no evidence of injury
unremarkable
K bu that's that's that's an that's an
opinion do I
inspect sure why not the dead man's
penis is average sized congest Ed from
the downward collection of blood the
testicles are uneven in length hanging
already the genitalia is greenish
marbling is present around the crotch
[__] this is the guy from my [__]
Telecaster
strap [__] don't listen to me back is
symmetrical and intact upper and lower
extremities are intact but asymmetrical
there are combat injuries on the right
hand thigh and hip
in addition I see smaller residual scars
too numerous to count covering about 30%
of his sorry I still can't get over that
he's like unremarkable Kim Kim
Kim something we got to talk about
buddy is there a matter to discuss here
from wounds sustained over two maybe
more decades dispersal and accumulation
indicates long and active combat Duty
mhm we have a real Museum here of
battles Wars last item
hands hands are clean no sign of a
recent
struggle I was maybe I'm just not seeing
them honestly to St she's making it hard
for me to think at the moment
oo that's all for the Turner well done
what
next central nervous system I have
nothing do you have anything on this
man's central nervous system of course
there is a moral to be drawn from it a
moral to this
story MCO skeletal Purge fluid is coming
from the mouth not injury related eyes
and Tong protuberant high bone let's see
with his eyes almost closed the
lieutenant puts his hand on a dead man's
throat and begins to massage it gently a
rotting smell erupts from the mouth
Purge fluid runs down his lips black and
viscous this is the sludge from that one
album you hear cracks as the lieutenant
moves his sharp fingers inside the flesh
like the creaking of an old house at
night yeah Jack that [__] off the
hyoid bone is fractured the rest of the
oscal system is intact unremarkable
respiratory
system oral cavity shows no lesions the
victim has received dental implants
possibly after a combat wound mouth
swollen Heming present in mucos of the
lips and
mouth no scream no sigh of relief rises
from the darkness inside it's humid
there sickly Sweet Air unlike
hepatobilary
na are you a hepatobilary
expert EPO means liver and bilur the
gold leather and bile
ducts that's it same for Toxicology and
serology na unless you have untapped
reservoirs of knowledge there reservoirs
no but do they take obscure trivia and
odd tip bit
like a toxicology screening at this
stage I doubt processing will find
anything even if he was briming with
cocaine but still you should add the
request cardiovascular the body exhibits
heavy lividity blood has gathered in the
hands feet and neck hypostasis is
visually consistent with the hanging
gastrointestinal this will do digested
solid food in stomach
voila what's next on the list Let's see
we have bite marks contusions on the
head and chest and a ligature Mark and
circling the neck you'll need three
Fields leave a fourth one to be thorough
if you want maximum results
oh so we inflicted
them okay so there's an incision on the
thorax from a chain cutter I wouldn't
mention it better not to muddy the
waters be pedantic if you like it
doesn't matter no one else is going to
investigate this man's murder and if
they do such details would only confuse
them see these pigs are [__] corrupt
why don't you [__] them if you love them
so much no
injuries head chest and scalp bite mark
injuries predation by birds has caused
damage to the body odontologist does not
need to be consulted and your opinion
officer agreed next injury so the scalp
bleeds from a postmortem head injury a
stone the injury does not have the rim
of an early inflammatory response a
perpetrator on the scene has confessed
to causing its postmortal
at maximum velocity fuo fuo has
confessed to causing it at maximum
velocity coagulated blood sticks to his
scalp and chest where the countless
stones have hit the dead man beneath the
description of injury two
boxes right next a dark red braided
ligature Mark encircling the neck with a
gap on the nape measuring let's say 7 cm
the hyoid bone is fractured the cervical
colum intact I see Heming on the skin
above and below the ligature Mark depth
of the Mark 1 cm no signs of clowing on
the neck below the note two customary
boxes wait to be ticked the man's head
jerks to the side the ring around his
neck is visible think for a moment this
time don't rush
that's it we have established cause of
death it's not much and it leaves much
to be questioned but it's a start let's
rra this up I pronounced this field
autopsy
over there yeah there are a lot of
confusing details about this well we
established probable cause of death
some would say that's the goal of an
autopsy we also requested a
toxicological screening that was
thorough the results should arrive in a
couple of weeks if we are lucky I will
not hold my breath we were thorough with
the list of injuries too we described
them all in detail what is there to say
given the circumstances it was a
professional field autopsy I need a copy
of that autopsy form then I will drive
him to
foror for processing
you tilt your head also looking at the
corpse I'm sure we didn't get everything
there's always
something shoot Looney roone come back
later
coo amuse yourself with my Frank man
and my Moto mod
features if
possible
perception right that's the one we're
using perception is relatively high
already it's MOG
again I'm probably going to replay Elden
ring sometime next year that's going to
be
exciting did I hear think about a sequel
or am I hallucinating that
the man is De the lieutenant adjusts his
glasses and takes a deep
breath I want to do this one
here the man the lieutenant adjusts his
glasses and takes a deep
breath Your Arms Reach Out And your eyes
Clos as if by their own valtion it's
dark all around you feel cold slippery
flesh first with your fingertips then
under the palm of your
hand his face his cheeks his nose his
fat swollen lips like a spider your hand
crawls over his features everything is
silent
they are swollen shut you need to really
push to get
in what am I doing what are we doing
here what are we doing
here you can't just give me these
options whatever only the little one
fits the flesh changes shape as you bore
in searching for something in the
cartilage the [__] is he doing the thing
you're looking for it's not there CRA
out SP crawl out
spider the oral cavity is cold and moist
a ball-like tongue attaches itself to
the base of the mouth lulling around
like a
scallop you're on the right
track the tongue moves freely in the
cavity the mucus of the mouth is
slippery delicate to touch
from the soft meat teeth are budding
hard Pearls of bone in the gums and in
the back of the mouth Can you feel it
you're so close rip his Jaws open now
look in a vision of black and dark red
death Pride open by your naked hands and
studded with teeth looks like he's
laughing death fumes rising from the
throat and there in the back of his
mouth above the bell of the uvella right
in the soft pallet you see a hole barely
visible to the human eye it is swollen
shut almost vanished no larger than4 cm
in radius the edges appear
darker an abrasion collar this is what
we're
after abrasion
colar Kuno is silent a black trickle of
liquid runs into his throat from the
wound why are we doing this your index
fits right in there a tight tunnel of
Flesh opens up tissue damage wide enough
for two fingers as you push both in you
reach through his mouth right into his
brain stem the [__] is happening a [__]
see yes that's what this part is called
thank you the basil ganglia feels clumpy
what ented here has torn apart his
reptilian complex this man will never
sleep again never wake your fingers
slide into the remains of his limbic
system there is no resistance it's
gelatinous the slug likee structures are
damaged too the tying extends deep into
both hemispheres this is what he used to
regulate his emotions
with the lieutenant answers with the
sound of his pen on paper [__] cavity
see your fingers are all the way in now
reaching toward the inside of his skull
the cavity goes further but the entry
wound isn't wide enough for the rest of
your hand to follow Ral in your fingers
reach toward his skull his cerebral
cortex feels like jelly cold jelly
strange fluid streams down your wrist as
you push deeper until you feel it on the
tip of your finger sharp serrated
material the edges cut right into your
skin
huh
what interesting this is fast this is
fascinating can you can you get to
it there's a tiny crack a protrusion in
the cranium right in the back back of
his head your finger must be pointing
straight at it from the inside the
object that is in there stops just short
of the skull in the enalis knocking this
tiny fracture into the cranium holy [__]
we have the makings of a very small exit
wound here forget about the [__] exit
wound Boo the pig is wearing him like a
[__] puppet
that's crazy you pick the object between
your index and middle finger it feels
sharp like metal with your face twisting
from Pain and concentration all you need
to do is just the inside of the head
feels cold and smooth like a glove sweat
dripping down your brow careful not to
lose the prize between your fingers with
a plop your hand emerges from the mouth
covered in blood up to the wrist between
your fingers a small flower a blossom
made of lead [__] beautiful a
bullet
wow this this the bullet falls in the
bag leaving a smattering of Blood on the
plastic he raises the bag under his eyes
and
says a non rifle some kind of brittle
alloy fractured on
impact of course you've earned it we
need to add an item to the injury list
injury number four oval entry wound with
an abrasion color soft pallate back of
mouth High Velocity temporary cavity in
brain tissue small exit wound on the
oxit how does that
sound opinion fatal
injury that was then this time we have
extensive tissue destruction away from
the one track this time we have a
bullet and one last thing we should
demand injury number three ligament Mark
new opinion nonfatal postmortem
treatment he's proposing the bullet was
the real cause of death and the hanging
and attempt to conceal this this this
this is this this this makes things so
complicated what the [__] is going on
now this was supposed to be
simple what the [__] this is
crazy this is so this is so
confusing and like I'm thinking about it
this way the entry it's like from inside
the mouth wouldn't that be like a
suicide
then wouldn't that be a suicide
did they like CLA like my my initial
thoughts are like guy committed suicide
whether by
coercion or through his own
decision rifle caliber yeah because
that's like that would
take you know quite a bit of
pre-coordinated effort to to get that to
work out but at the same time wouldn't
that you know go all the way through is
a question I have
but maybe the guy just had like the
thickest skull in the universe I don't
know say was murder it's hard to kill
yourself with a rifle yeah it's just
that the entry is is right from the back
of the mouth and not from it's it's from
the inside
this is this is this this the one thing
we can all agree on is that this is even
more confusing than it needed to be and
that could have like not been found
there is a chance for us not to find
that and we did
yes and the belter on his neck the
hanging even dragging him to the yard
all of it was done after these men was
already
dead I have had my doubts for a while
now since I saw there were no signs of
struggle on his hands and no Clow marks
on his
neck there have been other signs too
small details everything is too neatly
designed for us to same probable cause
here as we did full heartedly well no
more there is of course the very real
possibility he was both shot and
hanged to put him out of his misery it's
possible but it doesn't explain all the
other dubious things here lack of
struggle primarily I may be
intellectually sloppy but I prefer one
Theory at a time and this just smacks of
TR to
me to hide something the real killer the
real motivation what really happened
here that's for us to find out but this
it will make finding them just a little
easier yes we should take a closer look
at it I am certain it has more to tell
us this little thing could reveal much
about the weapon that shot it
oh you really really do I am glad to
hear you say that your room in the
whirling in rags should come with a
bathroom be sure to make use of it in
the evening we beg the corpse and carry
him to the holding pen of my kma I can
transport him to processing myself but I
will be gone for the rest of the day
work on the Cav tend to personal matters
try not to do anything too dangerous an
officer needs back up in a neighborhood
like this I'll leave that choice to you
and one more thing great work detective
after you back the corpse Lieutenant
kitsuragi will leave the party until
tomorrow morning you can do side tasks
and even the main case but it might be
more difficult plan his exit accordingly
all
right I will need a little hat carrying
him you take the hands I'll take the
legs Kim really is such a great like a
lot of the characters in this in this
game are so like fully realized
even even small side characters like
it's really
cool obviously that's what you would
expect for a game like this but you
know I kind of want to I kind of don't
want to do anything without him
though this is not the cleanest bathtub
in the world but it's cleaner than you
are right now that soap scum smell it
smells like life at least compared to
you the bathtub slowly fills with water
the water
beckons that's not the bathtub that's
the sink the water is only lukewarm but
still comforting like amniotic fluid a
few beer cans are bobbing up and down
along your flanks like sad duckies you
feel nice and lonely and so so tired the
cans continue to bop as do your thoughts
aimlessly splashing up against the sides
of the tub you see the corpse you can
still smell the cadava on you it's going
to take more than one bath to get rid of
that
stench then houses along long a narrow
Street a video rental Darkness on the
planet's curvature your fing fingers
grow pale and are covered with tiny whs
as the water cools the water line
recedes as you stand you are cold now
your clothes stick to your still moist
skin
yay better than the average smash player
hooray
you see a heavy St oh I can look in the
mirror that's
right I miss him
guys I miss my stupid puppy dog twink
a mirror hangs on the bathroom wall in
it your face adorned with the
expression all right chain Cutters
is a mirror hangs on the bathroom wall
in it your face adorned with the
expression inter
electrochemistry so
let's electrochemistry is the
that I'll leave another point for
now a mirror hangs on the bathroom
wall can't stop
smiling a mirror hangs on the bathroom
wall I can also improve my
electrochemistry can't I with at least
one of these things
these gloves what are these gloves doing
for me just half
F anything they reducing my Electro
chemistry of course not the amphibian
Sports visor which only does wonders for
me okay a mirror hangs on the bathroom
wall in it your face oh it's
just save one more time a mirror hangs
on the bathroom wall still not happening
it won't come off that easy okay that's
fine I'll do it next
time the chain cut is slip out of your
hands as you attempt to twist the foret
into place
[__] well
interfacing and then we get uh which one
was interfacing
this
here why do I even check the amphibian
Sports visor it only does everything
good a mirror hangs on the bathroom wall
in it the chain Cutters slip out of
hands as you attempt to twist the foret
into place well you know one thing for
sure okay well that wasn't that one
wasn't fair that was not fair
a mirror hangs on the bathroom wall in
it your face still not happening the
chain cut is
sleep into
interfacing back to
this air hangs Amir hangs on the
bathroom the foret is quite terribly
mangled but she just might be able to
twist its parts into place you handle
the chain Cutters deftly applying just
enough pressure the foret regains a
recognizable shape the steam stops told
you that you needed those chain Cutters
everything is connected everything has a
purpose the mirror begins to clear
slowly without you having to wipe
it still not happening it won't come off
that easy
interesting well I'm not going to save
SC the whole thing so we'll just we'll
just deal with that that's
fine we'll work on it
Southwest across the canal start by
going
there for
there are very few things I feel safe
doing without
Kim these people aren't going to leave
after the first day
right there is something down there well
that's very helpful thank you
There Something In The
Water There Something In The
Water There's Something In The
Water you know there's something in the
water
it's
lead it's lead in the
water so Southwest oh this thing that's
a thing that exists can I go down
this
no this guy's gone
a crumpled billboard reading Samaran
butter soaks in the canal two ugly lines
Mar the bright countenance of the blonde
boy depicted the sign billboard had
fallen on the water lock keeping it open
and thus out of order whatever it is the
boy on the billboard seems very happy
about it go to milk a butter the Samaran
terrain makes it easier to raise goats
than cows and the local goat Farmers
produce high quality meat and dairy
Staples that add variety to other
nations diets it's an acquired
taste judging by the size of the impact
and the parallel lines of burnt rubber
the cause was probably a motor
vehicle near Detroit Michigan how many
black mini references are going to
happen in this chat
tonight cuz I don't mind it
these look like the same tire tracks I
saw earlier in front of the whining
Rags side slip marks indicated that the
vehicle was traveling up the crater at
35 km an
hour the black marks on the roof
indicate that the vehicle vaulted from
the crater to the roof of the
shack the panel served as a takeoff
round
a couple of months ago I learned that
the the song BM BM BM is supposed to be
pronounced boom boom
boom which upsets me so I'm still
calling it BM BM BM CU I thought it
stood for black mini black mini black
mini so I'm calling it BM BM
BM the V I'm still upset about it the
hitting the billboard and upsetting the
posts then it continued its flight
taking the billboard with
it the sign broke the vehicles fall into
the
canal the Samar and butter billboard
still looks freshly painted suggesting
it took the plunge
R it took the it took the it it took the
What it Took the it took the it it it
took it took the
plunge it took the plunge
recently just he moves with a purpose I
should I should I should cover BM BM
BM what a magnificent
purpose same moves of the
purpose oh magnificent oh magnificent
within the past 72
hours still speeding the vehicle made a
loop and vanished into the fog along the
coast there are two good candidates the
CIS 40 and the liner
G22 it's about the right size and the
tire marks look like they came from the
skinny tires frequently found on that
motor Carriage I am working on a cover
of blades reality surf
not even remotely close to Black M but
blade M the Capri 40 is a very popular
model with bank clerks topping pie
delivery drivers Secondary School
teachers cops strippers dressed as cops
undressed
strippers very sturdy but light motor
Carriage more likely than most to
survive that jump the lener G22 is not a
particularly popular model due to its
peculiar proportions which the
manufacturer's design team probably
thought about for too long you'd have to
follow the tracks to be
sure
okay I don't know if this makes sense
but like a lot of music I need to be in
certain moods
for but blades music I I feel like
always 100% of the time I can I can
listen to and it feels
appropriate it's like the exact same
songs work if you're sad or you're happy
or something in between it literally
doesn't
matter all around you rain falls on the
great city of riversa rain drips from
the eaves and floods the gutters washing
the filth away the spring Thor must be
here the snow is melting look at up at
the sky cold water dripping from your
hat gray sky like great battleships
clouds colliding with one another rain
falls down on the world humid your coat
Shields you from the rain while the city
Shivers around you Sheets of Rain Over
The Water a flight of stairs leading
into the ocean wave after wave washing
the coast of martines with its
motorboats and gently swaying
reads my Chev you're very talkative
today the ruins of a half sunken sea for
crumble on an inlet beyond the Bay of
revall ghosts rise into the
sky the skyscrapers of lad Delta the
financial district faint Golden Light
seeps from the office windows will you
ever go there no you are just one of the
hundreds of thousands who watch them
rise across the bay from martines every
day Urban Coastline rain dripping off
eonite covered roofs Cinder blots left
over from half finished construction a
defunct research and development
building once seized by revolutionaries
an old wooden Church stands on SS above
the water Coal City end of all lines
your hair is an oily mess flecked with
Ash from neighboring coal plants Smoke
Stacks rise somewhere in the
distance the great Gates of the
industrial Harbor are locked a chill
runs down your back you shatter like an
animal trying to sh water from
side if only there were like smaller
sized humans that could fit into the
coal mines
behind the Gates heaps of Supply crates
red and blue metal shipping containers
slick with rain the greater riversol
industrial Harbor is an artificial
mountain range immense wealth resides
within and immeasurable poverty in its
shadow Len King's passenger harbor
cruise I wonder who can for the M cranes
watch child for the
distributor the [__] timing of those
two messages coming together is really
funny kudon the lower middle class
distributary after distributary cuts the
city blocks in half sure seven story
buildings Trail off into the rain a
silvery curtain of rain over the houses
the class
divide mhm you have never been there
they don't need the LW east of the river
capeside Apartments tower blocks Crow
one another 4.46 mm bullets still lodged
in their War torn stone walls hallways
collapse from the mortar hits of a war
that was lost long ago clothed lines go
to waste in the rain radios
play the news at noon a yard rain falls
onto the roof of a Woodshed the
lingering odor of decomposition mixes
with that of damp soil a traffic jam
rain thrumming on the roofs of Motor
Vehicles inside drivers watch water
streaming down their windshields the
statue of a king shutters he too is cold
the Canal Bridge has been raised the
road ascends a raised Motorway Loops
above the the ghetto beneath its
concrete columns a sea of rooftops
Woodwork and tar stretches northward
four story buildings as far as the rain
can fall the Snows melt in
Jamrock
what to be in martines where no one goes
at the runoff point of a long forgotten
canal in the whitest part of town in the
shadow of the day the revolution
failed standing in the rain looking
North where Jamrock Rock City stretches
Inland have a brother in the cut where
the wood at
hello wow wow wow wow in the rain swept
distance above the rooftops of Jamrock a
repurpose silk Mill stands perched above
the precinct 41 hunches in the rain your
vision blurs you wipe your face with
your hand the rain stings your eyes
making you look up and blink Coalition
Heros Statics hang like apparitions
under the cloud
cover way up there where rain forms
rotors flutter silently your sight
clears
these spring Thor will not last the
winter will return to
rever I I don't know how to train your
voice to get there I just sort of do
it unfortunately to do something like
that right now uh the difficult thing
about singing is you have to be
loud I can't be loud right now it's 3:00
in the morning but I would do it
otherwise Necromancer pig that [__] was
dark going in there like that oh brutal
[__] tell me Kuno dies you're going to
pick one out of his brain like that too
Kuno is going to go out in a hail of
bullets going to look like a [__]
porcupine the [__] [__] do you want with
it good call Pig Meister Kuno gets it
from his dad Kuno and his dad are major
suppliers that's where Kuno gets his
lightning on problem is Kuno and his dad
had a little falling out now Junk's
claing ato's door streets going mad
kun's got to throw his diry popo man at
it Dy poo man is you in there is Kuno
violent dad on steroid kun's dad does
steroids and speed if you can take him
you can have half of the
speed kun's dad is a [__] monster
he's the most violent man in R show he
doesn't give a [__] about a single thing
he drinks too are you sure you can take
on the most violent man in Reva in your
condition like
half a baggy but like in this vial let
halfer grham sir yeah half a g want it
or
not [__] you talking about half a g this
[__] is giant grade a [__] so clean you
can barely see it you can barely see it
because there's barely any okay Kuno is
listening
I'm a Nar Kuno I'm going to confiscate
that
crap sure whatever if you survive make
sure to bring that [__] back to Kuno
Kuno is's almost out you wouldn't like
the Kuno when he's out Kuno is violent
dad's got Kuno key so you need to [__]
your way in there go to the pier side
bang on the door till the cleaning [__]
let you in that's how Kuno does it then
you go to room 12 and kick down the door
police violence style that's what Kuno
does and then it's action time you're
locked in the room with violent [__]
that's it next time Kuno sees you you
better have his [__] Kuno doesn't
[__]
okay
okay well that's
something I still don't quite know how
to get
upstairs above the whirling and Rags up
here
can I help you got the 20 Royale good
you got the room for the night but
remember you'll need another 20 Royale
tomorrow
okay the door is closed this door can
only be opened with a still still
you should pick that fat juicy cigarette
butt from the tray light it up and smoke
the living [__] out of it the living
[__] your meso limpic reward pathway
does not mince words it once smokes who
knows what you are a monster a murderer
The Gnome of deroma
you feel like a smoker especially when
you look at that juicy succulent
seductive cigarette stub seductive
Turtle still smoldering deliciously how
very astute of you this renders it
ineffectual you should look for a whole
cigarette or better yet an entire pack
strike that a carton make sure they're
all healthy and able boded then smoke
them all
good they'll make you stronger and
better you're too old to be cool now but
find cigarettes smoke them blam
instantly a cool Renegade man a mystical
red dragon with smoke rising from his
nostril plus smoking them gives massive
bonuses good that's a task I've
received shake it white boy shake that
[__] okay how do I get upstairs
how the [__] do I get upstairs
through the third door the one that I
can't
open the door is closed
the man Ponders his cooking
utens oh hello dear I I didn't notice
you at
first oh my what happened to the water
lock oh sweetie if it weren't for you
I'd be looking forward to another
sleepless night thank you listen sweetie
I hate to ask but if your investigation
happens to take you to the other side of
the coast please do keep an eye out for
my husband of course dear Ro the Quest
for knowledge is never over and if you
see him let him know lener is waiting
for him here at the whirling he gets so
tangled up in his work that he may not
know the water locks been repaired and
it's cold out there oh you're such a
deer
thank you
sweetie there's got to be a way to get
into that door do I equip the
uh why do I want to do this
the door is closed Still Still
this okay
that's the door you get to the roof I
know I can't get in
no different that's a different
door I love picking them
up I love picking
them still here stuck in this damn Jam
my man what's up
your best verse you don't even have a
bad verse in here just tumble weed how
did I roll low in a 70 wait no what are
you doing that's brutal man but you know
time will no stop he's already
mortified that's
um yeah yeah I get that and it's cool
but
yeah yeah yeah I get it these are your
Rhymes they're from your life doesn't
matter if they're robust they're honest
so thanks man I like him he's not lying
he liked the
end I guess
try I like him though he's he's Super
Show
B how about
you the woman still has her eyes fixed
okay can I go this
way exhilarating bottle collecting
gameplay
[Music]
this cube is so
czy the tear machine step your bottles
clunk into the machine and
thanks thank you dear
R back to
business looking for something AR come
to tell me to [__] up yes [__] off
goodbye now
this POA vantor maale collection box has
been heavily vandalized with grafito a
closer inspection reveals two bullet
holes in the front a faint sticker on
the side reads RCM emergencies desk
number
81002 with a slogan mankind be vigilant
good m deliv
box the Box seems happy nice e [__] Pig
[__] by the [__] and s g with a crown
have been scribbled on it Jenny is a
[__] and best set mailbox
also I feel you male collection box the
male collection box seems cathartic
thankful even so do you you shudder then
you swallow and then suddenly you see it
over all the other graffitos someone has
using the tip of a very sharp knife cut
the words Rivers Shaw forever I don't
want to do that I don't want to kick any
what your
problem
okay potato self
are you saying the Potato Champion is
here I'm trying to think of what things
I can actually realistically do without
K here
wait can we fast travel is a
question all right we're
still we're still kind of only in this
area cuz this area is closed
off I guess get fast travel once there's
a place to go
to question mark I mean maybe maybe
there isn't maybe I am bold assuming
boldly take a look over here
the boom boxes waight on the shelves and
your boom box that gold and Amber Harmon
wowy stares at you longingly with its
tape real
eyes if police work means playing tapes
sure you can use it for that or any
other time you'd need to play a
tape hello again how can I help you
someone else came here earlier today
asking the same question I promptly sold
her the gun you porned a couple days
back this is a p and it did feel as if
you've met before Oh
God you are you adamant about getting
rid of it officer said you were
undeserving of a service weapon of the
Rev Shaw citizens
militia and I don't like keeping guns
around the shop for long off the Char's
Photon emissions the unhealthy kind she
didn't seem like a policeman although
she kept referring to herself as a pig
which was odd I found her interest in
the gun a bit
obsessive but I was just happy to get
rid of it and of her truth be told she
was
terrifying I wish I could help with that
officer but I don't know where she was
from or where she was going
my apologies officer but I have no idea
where she was coming from or where she
went a needle in a Hast stack there is
nothing you can do about it right now
you'll just have to hope everod wasn't
lying and the union can track her down
in time maybe Shady looking guys came in
here yesterday looking like they' just
taken off their wild Pines overalls they
asked if I have a police weapon to sell
I told them I already sold
it they went their way it was a trip but
you know all sorts of people come here
asking for all sorts of
things yes de wait then it might be true
ever's claims people as oenus as everard
seem like they're lying even when
they're really being truthful
of
course traffic I'm sorry officer but I
don't
drive now that I think about it I do
remember hearing a thunderous noise the
other night some kind of powerful
electric Vortex hitting the shop and
then moving
on he shakes his head
slowly sure thing thing sure
man what a shirt all other shirts p in
comparison you see rows of to try to
find something pretty and cool here then
use it to win her back yes buy something
nice a figurine did I mention that this
figurine is supposed to be
lucky always carry it with
you
thanks we am at a loss as to what to do
without
him I feel
like him is back
up it's just it's quite
important write him a
[Music]
letter I like playing in the dark
sharpens your nocturnal instincts feels
like being on recon again yes the debur
union pays me to stand V during the
night not out of any political
allegiance mind you I'm an old man don't
sleep more than a few hours every night
anyway and money is tight
yes it does unfortunately I wasn't
working that night been on a twoe Le
since last
Monday no
one the buos has been on man since last
Monday there's no other God it's just me
yes
it's it's not actually an issue I mean
look officer the container yard doesn't
actually need a Guardsman never had one
before r m CLA had that boo built
specially for him it's mostly decorative
the possibility of someone being in
there is enough to discourage any
ill-minded
individuals he created this job for Rene
because he knows the RO carabiners
pension of Ono and PTSD even something a
man can live off a decorated Kingsman
collecting te reflects bad on the world
Neighborhood his
words oh I didn't mean to imply there's
something wrong with that I do it to
every everyone does it it's an excellent
side thing yes yes yes can we conclude
the topic of my Gout boost now he is not
going to become an
entrepreneur
she is nobody this is none of your
concern and I refuse to discuss my
Private Affairs with the RCM the lady is
Jan Mari Buu and she sure Asel wasn't a
nobody yes yes like I said it would be
up anyway so might as well keep an eye
out it keeps my senses
sharp still all you see is an old
Soldier refuses to replace his uniform
with a civilian attire anything else I
can assist you is officer
cuz I don't want to I don't want to
confront the the the people in there
without want to talk to Joyce without
him can't even do that without him can't
do this without him kuna doesn't want to
talk I don't know how to do this
yet Kuno doesn't want to
talk question mark
I
see he really doesn't want me to
talk right to work right to work when a
bunch of ungrateful lazy cockroaches
can't get their act together decide to
block honest work for other people beats
me they Mumble nonsense about boardrooms
and workers rights while we have the
right to work there's something odd in
the way he carries himself his set of
clothing looks vaguely mismatched the
different pieces of the attire seem
ill-fitting his shirted far too small
and an unpleasantly tied fit while the
overalls held up by a belt
seem to fit a man with much more
corpulence he ignores your question
choosing instead to turn to the
emaciated workers raising both Fists in
the air the clothes are obviously not
his silence is the answer there's
something off here but he won't say what
you've been talking to him for quite a
while now something is off with this guy
ask him where he's from but it to you
am I a suspect done no crimes I only
fight for the rights of
people we're all workers right workers
stick together came from the eminent
domain and Jamrock backgrounds and odd
jobs heavy lifting cargo hauling bouncer
work I know the drill
worked at
territorial ring a
bell we're done here I have a strike to
break right to work right to work shame
on you things are busy enough you're
going to waste less of my
time the hulin man loses St
skepticism holda wondering man how can I
help
you hello banana Champion yeah the
janitor who gave me the key to his
apartment said the guy's a beat him an
[__]
like I said before I don't know much
about this weasel but the Bossman said
he's a real piece of
work thanks for helping out
friend I still have the
in it's just a racist mug what's there
to read here not
much oh boy here we go what are you
going to say about the broken toed away
mug that you dug out of the
garbage can't anyone laugh anymore but
it was in the trash why not just call it
out when you see it
or can I just sell the
bug cuz I don't want what's this we're
getting reports of normal reasonable
temperate political opinions somewhere
in Martine
no of course a radical Centrist no in
these bright and Loud times where a
thousand frequencies drown one another
out sober thinking is a radical act it's
time to become a citizen of the kingdom
of
conscience it is not a place it is a
moment in time that can only arise in
the right circumstance senses in all of
human history
incrementally yawn you'd get there
faster with a little speed speaking of
when are you going to get on that bu
History's Greatest catastrophes have
been brought about by people trying to
make the world a better place too
quickly that's the genius of Dolores day
she recognized that progress is
meaningless if its gains are lost
because of
instability real lasting change can only
come about gradually increment by
increment tisk tisk just because you
live in the present doesn't mean you
have the right to place your needs above
the needs of the future you may never
live to see the kingdom of conscience
your children may not even your
grandchildren might not but that's no
excuse not to keep working what
rationality what
s what a [__] joke
the kingdom is difficult to comprehend
and even more difficult to describe
partly because Humanity will need to
discard many of the categories that
Define and limit it today the kingdom of
conscience is post capitalist
postnational it's also po
industrial post
ideological and even post sexual
what do you want is immaterial the
kingdom of conscience is coming whether
you like it or not only very
slowly that's cool van I'll try to do a
commun this run
though hello get down there har
I'm just kind of backtracking through
random
places a thick layer of cold dust covers
the furnace coloring it
tiles on the cube are still smoldering
casting the framework in a soft glow
like a smooth drawer the filling the
speaker comes to light good evening
dark this is
Ean station please is this the
production
schedule good please repeat the password
perceived don't worry for AC yes I am
alive I there I work on an island on the
river esperons now thank you tiles on
the cube are still the filament slight
out of it okay still don't know the
password
hello
bro oh it's you again are you looking
for a
die I'm
listening good I hope it's clarify
things a bit
oh it's you again are you looking for a
die aside from getting naked you're not
sure what else to do the building holds
no more answers for
you no points in Inland Empire yet I
think I got one
right two
actually I think I chose the snoody
pants
ending that's a sentence for sure
hello again esteemed officer and welcome
to Crime romance and biographies of
famous people okay but please only a few
questions you wouldn't want to disturb
the the woman before you scans
the what to
do what to do
I could talk to The Hardy Boys I'm just
like afraid of doing that without
without
Kim I
could I kind of
was I like K would offer a lot of extra
Insight the disco ball
also I will say finished
potato if I I I don't want any backseat
gaming with this I'm playing this blind
so best thing to do is don't actually
give specific advice unless I ask for it
please if it happens too much where
you're just giving spoilers and I'm just
going to ban you from the chat
just so you
know that I you keep saying very very
specific things
I've got nothing to say to you why are
you wasting your
time I suggest not wasting time on
trivial pleasantries and focusing on why
you are actually here Titus Hardy even
though she has excellent control over
herself something moved behind her eyes
in the way she stands in her
face you are not here to chat up the
legal counsel you are here to question
these
men
[__] can't go to bed yet
right you sit on the Windor wood planks
of the bench I your feet
ache the twiddling barely keeps your
hands warm Against The Frigid wind
blowing from the coast after a while
you've had
enough time passes the sun draws ever
closer to the Horizon
this thanks bro
I think I
can oh measure head yeah I mean I'm
scared of talking to him without c as
well I need my [__] emotional support
T 20 should be good for for sleep though
I
think unless it's 22
the bed is still cold from the broken
window oh I guess it's 22 maybe 21 22 I
guess we'll go [__] talk to the big
ass guy
IM is like the definition of
intimidating wrong
gun your race descent has only worsened
since I last saw you you have really Let
Yourself
Go he does not so much as glance at the
object stop showing me your pathetic cup
I have no interest in it he had nothing
to do with
it I am not the first line of defense I
am the last
in addition these socalled hardd boys
are an effeminate click of
bodybuilders their company is
spiritually degrading you pick up on
something artificial in his tone like
he's putting on an act this is unlike
him he is usually more
himself fine they have recently Fallen
under under the influence of a possibly
sexually perverted female vagrant and a
Narcotics pedler it's
shameful find out for yourself
endomorphic
blub
thanks
thanks is really
[Music]
the exhilarating bottle
gameplay the balloon Champion knows no
[Music]
bounds are we fing f
this is the night watchman's Booth the
name the chair is not as austere as the
rest of the booth a thin gray pillow is
attached to the seat secured to the
styles by black
ribbons the drawers are empty save for
old time sheets and receipts one small
box however does hold some cheap
painkillers they are slightly out of
date oh boy where to start elev ated
risk of dementia mini strokes profits
disease sudden death hair death erectile
malfunction critical
flatulence watery blood black mucus
uncontrollable weeping increased
sensitivity to La Opa inoperable joint
disorder total spinal collapse don't
think about that quick think about
something else
the imagined Dazzle of light overwhelms
any list of potential side effects any
negative thoughts are drowned out by the
Fantastic blast of
disco you stand and exit the booth
well that was an
event after all why not why shouldn't I
operate the
lever a rusting control panel Marsh on
with a loud grind the crane shifts
overhead moving a massive metal
container through the air
okay
yes and with a surprisingly quiet thk
the crane places the container down the
harbor sleeps as the strike rages in the
distance the crane can rest again now
that its purpose has been fulfilled
moving this container of course for this
purpose it was built for this purpose it
has acted and now it will
rest before you stands a cargo container
just one of many in the yard hey there
sugar the container door appears unmoved
by your attempt at
flattery the door does not respond to
your advances is it possible that it
seems somehow more closed than before
why does this situation feel so familiar
do you have a history of proposition in
inanimate objects no reply the knock
produces a hollow ring of metal doesn't
sound like there's anything inside the
container you attempt to to turn the
handle to no avail the doors seem to be
mechanically
locked I get plus one because I've been
in the world for two
days [__] sure why not why are you
even trying to open a door with
rhetoric you've got to dance with the
one that brought you
detective I see
my emotional support twik is
required oh hey mister I knew you'd be
back to talk with old Leo here yes I did
yes I did it's like lady Larice said
when she opened up no trouble at all
Mr de every
worker that's right Mr Deo I see the
Socialist Democratic fervor now Burns in
your heart too how can I help you
today my dear Harry there are literally
millions of containers in this Harbor I
couldn't possibly remember what's in all
of them Harry you smooth talking son of
a [__] time is a precious resource and
I don't have enough of it to count
containers with you smooth talking maybe
that's the way to go about opening the
container you should at least try
convincing
it I'm very glad to hear that Harry one
question you didn't actually happened to
stumble in and see what's inside the
apartment did you he's trying to figure
out if you're
lying just as I thought culturally
Antiquated mug collection what a weasel
pissing on Art's Rainbow Coalition he
was testing you and you succeeded now
let's get down to Brass tax it's time
for men like me and you to figure out
who's killed who and why real police
work is going to start happening now I
promise you Harry this is going to be
good racist mugs in the trash and in the
apartment you guys are just light years
ahead of me I have so much confidence in
the ability of your organization I'm
relieved you're doing this un leaving me
to do what I do best helping people with
a power of politics oh no no no no I
don't cross pods like that all I want is
for you to succeed in your investigation
I would never complicate things for you
odly it seems to be true believe me
Harry he's a nobody just your basement
variety nobody can't imagine him being
connected to a high caliber case like
this but he does live nearby maybe it's
a gantic weasel fascists are known to be
neat freaks I feel like a real detective
right now Harry am I getting this
right no Mr CLA have you seen a
redditor's apartment before
of course Harry Stoke silence I like
that very befitting a police officer I'm
not a real detective You
Are by now I'm sure youve figured out
who the dead man was working for the bad
guys wild Pines sent to scare us another
violent measure of the top hats against
us flat caps Harry this strike is the
culmination of many many mistakes made
by by the wild Pines group they tried to
shut the strike down by sending in armed
mercenaries a security contractor can
you imagine that workers standing in
peaceful protest United in the spirit of
fellowship and they send hired Killers
to mow us down with machine gun fire he
performs a motion as if spraying bullets
from a machine gun I'm talking beasts
hardened killers from proxy wars in yit
semine Sarita you name it they've done
it raping killing burning Villages
killing little children for the cener of
pineapple company Harry everything they
did there they brought over here they
want to turn Reva into a third world
slum honestly the only thing they didn't
do is kill the village
elephant no Harry the elephant is
metaphorical and so is the village but
the Merks and their brutality are very
real now I haven't person person Al
witness the brutalities out there I have
the luxury of staying in my container
you see if I need to go somewhere they
just move my
container yes I'm an old man Harry my
legs aren't what they used to be they
lift my office with that Big Crane it's
actually very fun you should try it but
enough about me and my fun container The
Killers the company hired I think there
were three of them all hardened Commando
types one of them got downright suicidal
getting drunk violent a little rapy even
their own negotiator couldn't control
him that's your boy the one who likes
hanging out and
trees Harry what you need to realize is
we Dock Workers are not pushovers we got
grit Harry this whole neighborhood does
push us hard enough and we push back and
when we do we push to
kill potentially Harry potentially we
got our wrestling champions Rowing Club
people ex coal miners tough guys all
ready to spring into action for their
home base there's a militant Wing inside
the union a group of people whose duties
don't involve manual labor but
peacekeeping in the neighborhood making
sure everything runs smoothly that
sounds a bit like organized crime
they're like you idealistic people who
want to make sure that bad things don't
happen and if they already have well M
must follow again that sounds like
organized
crime one day Titus Hardy leader of this
peacekeeping faction comes up to me and
says boss socialist Democratic fervor
drove us to take it upon ourselves to
kill this Beast that was burdening the
land he probably worded it differently
but that was the idea sure sounded to me
like they killed him I gave them two
weeks paid leave and told them to lay
low to avoid r anation oh I'm not at all
worried about that these are not the
kind of men who get arrested they're
Martin A's boys tough and gritty I'd
like to see the man who takes them in
besides I sent my lawyer girl to look
after them he places a lot of faith in
that lawyer girl perhaps this is a
tactical error
anyway how do I know let me tell you
about these people that's their MO it's
what they
do last winter some poor workers in
terminal E went on a little strike the
company sent in sediment a security
contractor the strike was over the
workers's right to wear protective
Footwear Harry these guys turn up and
start beating people tell you what Harry
I wouldn't be surprised if we got the
same mercenary company after a little
rebranding and I'm sure as hell not
surprised to see an army of scabs under
my
Gates you said it Harry hell one of
those guys looks big enough to take down
that proverbial elephant boys like that
don't just happen to show up during
strikes that does sound quite unlikely
yes the big guy leading the scabs at the
gate is
colossal oh Liz is a bright one I paid
for that Lord myself thinking it'll
probably turn her all fancy but hell
Harry she came back a fire brand
socialist sometimes she scares me with
her Zeal oh they are simply fine young
men all all seven of them exemplary
union members always working to advance
their position in the local socialist
Democratic movement core members old
Theo used to run them but things really
kicked into gear when Titus took the
Reigns and named the group after himself
got to love his
initiative Harry they're almost all of
them great guys born leaders whatever
happened I'm sure they only had the best
interests of Revol in mind work with
them hell interview them but don't fight
them they really are just like you men
who like beer women and some order on
the
streets but of course it's the least I
can do for my good friend Harry I'll do
it right after we've concluded this talk
you can now go and tell Titus about this
see what he has to say also Harry here's
five
real I'm not giving you anything I'm
just holding out five
real oh I wasn't offering it to you just
holding it out there but I'm willing to
share information was there anything
else so they shot
him how OD I don't know what to say
Harry they told me they hanged him a
hanged man is what I saw when I took a
look into that yard it's impossible to
say if he's telling the truth sire what
I do do know is the case is in safe
hands if anyone can get to the bottom of
this shot and hanged man it's my
favorite policeman Harry was it a good
talk I'm not sure we made much Headway
here I was hoping we'd bust the case
wide open heck I even wanted to tell you
what I really want to achieve with the
strike I don't know what happened Harry
I wanted you to feel like Mr Mar a and
of course I also wanted you to find your
gun but it's like I can't completely
trust you
yet yes Harry it's like I can't fully
trust you if you're not a man of the
left I want to but I just can't a man of
the left so you have to be a Social
Democrat he's been hurt too much in the
past by men who aren't social
Democrats you're saying it but I don't
believe you you know how it is company
snitches agent provocators everywhere
I'm barricaded in this Fortress of mine
and I need to get a message out will you
help me once again I require nothing
unethical or illegal of you you'll just
need to get two little signatures on
this piece of paper and then mail it to
my accountant in Le Delta I'm glad you
asked Harry the union is going to build
a modern Youth Center in Martin a it
will be righteous we're going to get
those teenagers off drugs and and on
roller skates there's a nameless little
Street on the coast with some old houses
around it most people have already
signed I just need two more signatures
to get this Mission off the ground
Harry on the coast Harry across the
canal there's a culdesac there a little
village they're calling it a gloomy
place you'll find it I trust your
detective skills Harry water drips from
the eaves a woman looks at her freshly
tarred skiff there's a pair of Cavalry
boots under the fish in the box and the
wind howls they are just going to have
to deal with the construction noise for
6 months and then they'll be living like
kings right next to a fancy new Youth
Center designed by the best Architects
from Stella Marie is he absolutely sure
the tenants won't be thrown out in the
street am I Harry these people Martin a
is the most important thing in my life I
would never let let anything bad happen
to them we're going to build a youth
center there the value of their
properties goes up and kids have a place
to play in I'm looking out for these
people not pulling the rug from under
them Harry I'm looking out for all of
martine's not just the
harbor I have no I have no idea what
choice to make
here
like I I can't tell what's true and what
isn't in this
situation I also can't tell if I
can come back to this decision
later
either this this is this is
why this is why I need
Kim h L acceptable no one's going to
force you into anything but I don't know
about that gun of yours you see I'm a
vengeful man Harry part of how I got
where I am is that well I can be quite
nasty sometimes but the good news is the
moment you change your mind and want to
look into this matter just tell me and
we'll be buddies
again
okay what
did I well done then Harry I like not
knowing about it and I'm sure you made
the right call I spend the whole day
delegating tasks and it's a great relief
to see people taking initiative I don't
even want to know what all of that means
Brew Shady alcohol turned off I'm going
to let the world surprise
me see you soon deer
yeah I think I can pass one more hour on
the street bench
how do I get rid of
it oh is it at
nice I'll just simply walk all the way
over there
hello banana
Champion the movement system can be a
little confusing sometimes
so but surely that's just because
everything is [__] Illustrated
let me
out the bed is still cold
from good the bed is still cold from the
wind blowing in from the broken window
the mattress creeks and you close your
eyes and try your hardest to fall
asleep here we are again my broken but
the waves are coming carrying you away
but you can't go no you have to stay
always half aware of yourself you're not
cooperating brother man it's your
disgusting
body even through your sleep you feel a
vague discomfort suffusing it your belly
and your sides
unpleasantly tender you wish you could
curl up into a fetal ball of safety but
you
cannot because of the pain that pain in
your right side is your enlarged by the
way as for your kidneys you've really
been compounding the damage lately but
this suffering it must have some kind of
meaning a story that will come out of it
perhaps even a story that you will write
yourself oh yes that will check you out
give you some pills make it all okay
the Wonder
makers don't be stupid Harry it's not
happening they don't make new kidneys
and livers in hospital all you've got to
do is pray to God it passes and stare at
the flickering Darkness you're just
stuck here in the half
world could Trum I looking at other
people really
looking but why would you want to start
doing
that sure you
do they're all so friendly aren't they
at least they're interesting each one
has a process just like yours running in
the space between their ears full of
secrets people are beautiful statuesque
parodies and tragedies of themselves a
great democracy of creatures what do you
think you're doing right now coming to
some greater
awareness look at all these lights
blinking in and out of existence
thoughts you're just pretending that
you're asleep even to
yourself while the World goes on without
you let it let
it but it never seems to let you go does
it time to rise and wipe that shining
sweat off as best you can gather your
bearings rock and
roll day of the twink
day of the
twink the bed is
still a mirror hangs on the bathroom
wall it's barely covered in Steam
anymore
[Music]
I like how I can pick up all these
bottles but not this one that one has to
stay it's
important it's part of the hairy lore
the balloon Champion's Own
[Music]
Story oh no ones too
twink get your ass out of
here twinkle bell let's
go the door is closed still this
door there he is oh he he rushed right
over yeah
yes but do you want to
know what's there to say it's just
stupidity the cop kind our PRS can
decide if Martinez is part of Jamrock or
the industrial Harbor yours or mine as
if we somehow own parts of the city
typical street gang mentality so we've
let the union make mockery of law
enforcement here and now it's come to
its natural conclusion well sort of it's
less a matter of who gets to police
Martinez than who has to it's an orphan
District in other
words I think the dispatch desk just
told both our stations about the hanging
there was quite a b at the 57th I can
tell you that time to settle it they
said cop off but I assure you I am not
their finest or toughest with 102 cases
solved what I am is least interested in
a pcing competition so if volunteered to
represent the 57th but not out of
competitiveness on the contrary
somewhere in your mind hangs a dark
green Blackboard there are two columns
one says Cas is solved the other
confirmed
kills well technically the official
Record Keeper has been known to double
count murder suicide a common accounting
gimmick used to inflate Precinct
stats I'm good enough for this case I'm
not here to compete I came because I had
to my fellow officers the sergeants in
particular would have made this scene
into a
circus Martinez nothing it's just a
pedal at the end of some drain pipe no
one cares about this place they care
about sports most of our colleagues
don't even know how to get here no of
The Interchange doesn't exist a tremble
comes over you another after effect of
ethanol poisoning perhaps feels like
leaves do when they rustle in the breeze
somewhere far away below the turbine the
41st and the 57th the lieutenant was
right it's not about who gets what's
North it's about who doesn't yes I an in
Repentance boil
sport the row are endless Jean vicm
Judith Mino a special con suant what was
his name then the rose degrade into
green nothingness
H it's all part of the master plan you
see
the silence
carries yes it's a holy pointless matter
forget I ever mentioned
it look at you it's because you're a
failure they sent you to slight Precinct
57 just think about it for a second you
saw a Ragan alcoholic who showed up 3
days late wearing this stained disco you
weren't sent here to win I've considered
it it would be immensely ugly of them
not to mention unprofessional but I also
think it's sowhat unlikely I checked the
records this jurisdiction dispute Who
police is Martinez reaches back to the
30s it's as old as my station and all
this time we can't de who gets
Martinez I think yes both stations would
prefer
win I am the finest of nothing safe no
but you're old you've made it this far
something has brought you through we've
only just started working together so I
don't know what it is yet but it's there
so no I don't think they sent you as a
joke and even if they did they in for a
surprise oh
a oh this dumbass [__]
guy wait yes why are you following me
excuse
me you have a a distinctive way of
walking if I were to walk in front of
you we would surely
Collide I hope you don't take this the
wrong way it's just a collegial
observation in the 57th we call it the G
Shuffle officers from jrock's 41st
precin tend to move a bit atically they
say it's a scene clearing technique
developed by one of your lieutenants for
Gathering evidence it's erratic yet
thorough prioritizes
containers hey so if someone hurts him
I'm allowed to like tear them to shreds
right yes but containers
contain things shiny things they
interest
he simply
nods can I help you got the 20 Royale
good you got the room for the night
yeah oh hello dear
there
NOP you look like
[__] oh man with sunglasses you don't
know the half of it and I don't mean
that as a
metaphor oh don't be so modest we're
looking at several month worth of damage
here kind of a miracle you still up and
at it to be honest come on Joe it looks
like it's been a rough week on
him horse-faced
woman what kind of description is that
it's not just this Weg what do you
want there's something about this guy
that matches with a face in your head a
similar but different face he might be
wearing a
disguise M I'm not getting involved in
this
yes it's a hobby of mine as if waiting
for some kind of reaction or response
something to click it's not happening
though who is this guy about what you
don't look like a cop you know what you
look
like oh well go solve your case down
that would count as trying hard no
cuz it's not my job why don't you go and
[__] do yours and solve this damn
hanging actually I don't want to hear
you say things come on Jean okay say
things I want to hear you say things
suddenly out of nowhere case related
things start popping up in your
head so do you know who hanged
him yeah I can see that I don't know why
are you it's like you felt it would be
intellectually stimulating and would
lead somewhere accustom even strange oh
my God there's more you want something
more what is it okay why not you think
he was hanged as a cover up to hide the
shooting okay
well I don't know oh my God there's more
you want something more what is
it you know what it is it's like the two
of you know each other just ask him oh I
definitely know you from somewhere
another
life yes from Another Life a different
life maybe the life of a police officer
belonging to the ranks of the to what
station do you think you would belong in
this alternate and totally fictional
reality okay okay that's plausible
that's entirely plausible now we're
really getting somewhere somewhere
good
okay let's be crazy let's say you and I
are Partners how's that for without
experiment I'm sure he's [__]
flattered but Kim is not part of his
thought experiment in this one we are
partner the lieutenant is
silent no cuz in this third experiment
we are police officers in a police
station we don't do crimes we're not
crime Bros come on stop
it oh no no no you see I enjoy watching
other better cup solve crimes and let me
tell you it's been quite a privilege
seeing you work this isn't helping
you're not going to believe this but
police officers yes sir solving crimes
loing up bad guys in and get this and
not getting that drink on at 2:00 just
some regular barring [__] in
suits and uniforms nothing spectacular
extravagant like you the far out son of
l oh it's you you eccentric genius I
mean with your anodo approach to police
work it has to be used you not even a
little bit it's an urban me a about an
officer who is so far under cover he
can't remember who he is as I say it's
just an urban myth you are not the son
of L okay yes you get the joke leave it
at that neither can I partner neither
can I watch out for yourself loser that
voice so very familiar did you hear it
when calling to your station and
Reporting your badge missing oh really I
wonder where that's the where you
remember me
from you don't say goodbye then the
voice thing was a coincidence run along
[__] terrible okay the man with the
sunglasses and his hypothetical Station
41 weird
right there's something missing here
something you can't put our f on you
know what just ask him I know it sounds
crazy and you'll probably get laughed at
but
still yes just cross it off the list
it's probably not true
though again I can't believe this
[__] I'm going to say no just to see
what you'll say to that wait what you
say Okay Jean he said okay give it a
rest okay I was clearly wrong he is a
firefighter male nurse Animal Control
agent something of that kind not a cop
gone with your cop work don't let me
stop you again okay
the man Ponders his cooking
ENT I would too I I would
too I've got nothing to say to you why
are you wasting your
time looks like the circus left to but
the clowns are still here Titus does not
look particularly happy to see you
oh so you went and talked to my mommy
and now she's making me play with you is
that it l man and what's going to happen
if we don't you're going to go and tell
on
us yeah yeah I heard him the [__] do you
think I'm doing here you'd have your ass
handed to you if it wasn't for the boss
man's word let me State this very
clearly
coo hello officer I'm Titus Hy and these
are my boys party boys how may we assist
you but having everard back you up like
that did seem to have some
effect a bullet you say That's mighty
curious indeed Mighty how did it get
there well there are so many bullets in
the world and so many
heads I guess it's only logical at some
point one of them bullets had to end up
in one of them heads it's bound to
happen again you know just statistically
speaking of course s it would be an
event most dramatic if you were to
produce the bullet and dangle it before
their very
eyes wow he's got it in a real evidence
bag and all why don't you go home and
log it into evidence these men have told
you what happened you know what I think
I think he was shot in the head as a kid
and his brain grew around the bullet
around the bullet man that's a good one
all the goofing around is to avoid lying
it's a
technique [__] I probably did shoot him
I was drunk last night you guys know me
when I'm drunk yeah Glenn likes to shoot
his guns when he's drunk better hope he
stays sober no he meant before he was
hanged did you shoot him before you
hanged him before after during this is
getting ridiculous they told you what
happened stop wasting your time never
been worried in my life L it's not like
you blew it wide open but there's a
little crack in there somewhere like
hell you have there is no local drug
trade this place is as clean as a raffle
go back to Jamrock and ask the local
junkies how clean your streets are in
Precinct 41 kilos we'll do that in the
meantime did you know that there's an
abandoned lry at the intersection that
was used to move raow ingredients for
drugs from terminal B to Jamrock the
person driving it was present at the
hanging it was one of you we've
connected the footprint detective do you
want to deliver the K grass the thought
forms in your head like a lightning
strike branching in the
sky thank you your you're right Titus
there is no local drug trade because
it's all controlled by you you're the
drug Trader That's mighty interesting
Theory I guess that's what you would
need to do theoretically a big strong
state run Monopoly would outcompete the
runs on the street yeah man
theoretically that's what you would do
to get rid of the gangs the dealers even
some of the Junkies you would need good
trustworthy people people to take their
place of course Hardy men to run such a
monopoly for the good of the community
of
course thank you theoretically of
course thank you
theoretically Titus I'm amazed where is
the same professionalism when it comes
to other topics you're doing great
I hardly have to interfere at all I
don't know Lizzy I guess theoretical
things don't make me
emotional now was there anything else I
was sort of going to get my bruski on
not quite yet Mr hardy there were eight
sets of prints on the crime scene there
are only seven hearty boys here my
answer is [__] off mind your own
business there is no a E Hardy I run
this goddamn scene and here we go back
to the usual I know I know fatty walked
on all fours he's so [__] fat he left
two sets of footprints despite
everything the little man is quick on
his feet go [__] your mom Dennis that's
more like it boys you heard him it was
Angus on all fours anything else you
need to know
establish Authority yes Authority
feverish thoughts race through your
mind stomp your
feet did you already try the gun thing I
hear the gun thing is excellent you're
probably right the others are only there
for filler to make the gun thing pop
[Music]
okay stop [__] your pants you don't
need to know all right we took care of
it the law handled it all right yeah
aren't you listening it's done
fito no [__] you're nobody I'm the
law stop yelling about the goddamn law
in my establishment we get it you're all
the law let's just all cool off we had
some questions that's
all
Christ for once G is
understandable what are you got to say
most interesting character in the
game yep yep
yep yep well done